Ingredients:
1 medium medium-firm tofu, frozen and thawed twice
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sweet potato starch
1/4 cup cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon fine salt
1 teaspoon ground five-spice
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground Sichuan pepper (optional)

Instructions:
Today we're working with medium-firm tofu. It has been frozen, completely thawed, frozen again, and completely thawed again (in its original container).
Look at those beautiful cracks and layers! Now you want to press the tofu (for at least 15 minutes) either with a tofu press or a heavy object to squeeze out extra liquid.  Be careful not to press too hard as the tofu is very brittle at this stage.
Slice the tofu in half — be very careful as you want at least one of the halves completely intact. One my pieces is completely intact so I will use that piece to make the chicken cutlet (). I will break up the cracked piece to make popcorn chicken.
Spread the soy sauce onto the two pieces. Set aside.
Prepare the wet batter. Simply combine all the dry ingredients, add water, and give it a good whisk.  Make sure that the batter is well combined and that there are little to no lumps.
Prepare the seasoning flour by mixing all the ingredients as well.
Quickly put together the seasoning salt as well (for the finished product).
Time to batter up the tofu pieces! Set up your stations:
Dip the tofu first in the wet batter, then into the seasoning flour. Pack the flour in very well.
Repeat breading steps for the nuggets.
Now onto the frying process — we are doing a double fry. Heat up a good amount of vegetable oil in a shallow pan until around 160 C (320 F). This is the first "low temperature" fry. Remember to prepare a sheet pan lined with paper towel and a wire rack! Fry the tofu pieces. Start with the chicken cutlet.
Be very careful when flipping the chicken cutlet! The tofu is very fragile. Use as many tools you need to help you flip the cutlet. You want to fry the tofu pieces until both sides are lightly crispy. Repeat this for the nuggets.
Let the fried tofu pieces rest on a wire wrack while you re-heat the oil. This time, heat the oil until it is 180 C (356 F). This time we're frying them with higher heat.
Fry the tofu pieces again — this time until they are super crispy and golden-brown. Once they're done, take them out and let them rest on the wire wrack. Immediately sprinkle on that seasoning salt. Do the same for the tofu nuggets.