Ingredients:
2  (~400 g) Chinese eggplants (or other Asian eggplants)
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon distilled vinegar
1/8 cup (14 g) textured vegetable protein
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 cloves garlic, finely minced
1 teaspoon fresh ginger, finely minced
4  dried chilis, deseeded & thinly sliced
1  scallion, finely chopped
2 tablespoons doubanjiang, or spicy broad bean paste
1/2 teaspoon ground Sichuan pepper (optional)
1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar
2 tablespoons light soy sauce
2 teaspoons sugar
3/4 cup (180 g) water
1/2 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon water

Instructions:
Prepare the TVP. Soak the TVP in warm water for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, drain the water and squeeze out excess liquid from the re-hydrated TVP. 
Prepare the Eggplants. Slice the eggplants by first trimming off the stems, slicing the eggplant into segments, then into batons (that are about 6 cm long & 2 cm thick). Quickly place all the eggplants in a bowl and add cornstarch, salt, and distilled vinegar. Toss to combine, making sure that each slice of eggplant is well-coated. Let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes. At the end of the 10 minutes, pour out any liquid that has gathered at the bottom of the bowl.
Frying Method. Heat up a healthy amount of oil (think between shallow-frying and deep-frying) in a non-stick pan or wok. Once the oil is hot enough (such that a wooden utensil instantly bubbles in the oil), fry the eggplants for about 2 minutes, or until softened and acquired a vibrant purple. Note: be sure not to over-crowd the pan/wok, the eggplants should all be mostly submerged in the oil while frying. Once the eggplants are done frying, quickly drain & remove from the oil. Spread the eggplants out on a single-layer to cool. Note: do not pile them in a bowl, as the residual heat/steam will cause some eggplants to overcook and lose their purple color.
Steaming Method. If you do not wish to fry the eggplants, you can steam them without compromising flavor/texture (only difference is that you will likely lose the vibrant purple color). Pile them up loosely in your steamer and steam them with your desired method (I typically use a bamboo steamer) for 10-12 minutes, or until creamy/tender but not falling apart. You can taste a piece to check.
Make the Fish Fragrant Eggplants. Heat ~1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a non-stick pan/wok on medium-high heat. Start by frying the TVP until nicely browned and caramelized, or until the TVP achieves a meaty but not crunchy texture. Push the TVP to the side. Follow with a bit more oil and cook garlic, ginger, and dried chilis until fragrant, about 30-60 seconds. Add the doubanjiang and ground Sichuan pepper (optional), and cook together while stirring for an additional 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan/wok with soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, and water (I like to pre-combine them). Add back the fried eggplants, followed with a drizzle of cornstarch slurry to thicken the sauce. Cook everything together for an additional minute, and take off the heat once eggplants are tender (again, be careful not to overcook them). Finish with scallions and optionally, drizzle with chili oil. Serve warm.