Ingredients:
400 grams thin udon noodles (Korean style)
240 grams (1 cup) hot water, more as needed
4  dried shiitake mushrooms
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 tablespoons chunjang (black bean paste)
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon fresh ginger, minced
2  scallions, chopped
1/2  yellow onion
200 grams (1/4 head) green cabbage
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon vegan oyster sauce
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon cornstarch

Instructions:
Prepare Mushrooms & Vegetables. Soak dried shiitake mushrooms in hot water for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, take out the mushrooms and mince them finely. Reserve the mushroom soaking liquid as well. For the yellow onions and green cabbage, cut them into similarly-sized cubes.
Prepare Black Bean Sauce. In a large pan or wok, heat up 2-3 tablespoons of vegetable oil on medium heat. Add chunjang (black bean paste) and slowly fry until fragrant and bubbling, about 1-2 minutes. Be careful not to burn the chunjang. Note: frying the black bean paste (chunjang) here is important — enough oil is crucial here to help develop that signature flavor. Hence the name "Jajangmyeon," which directly translates to "fried sauce noodles." Add the garlic & ginger and fry together until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Follow that with minced mushrooms, scallions, yellow onion, green cabbage, and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes. Deglaze with the reserved mushroom-soaking water and bring to a boil to cook for 3-4 minutes. Note: you want the vegetables to retain their crunchiness, so as to add textural contrast to the sauce. Near the end, pour in the cornstarch slurry (1 tablespoon water + 1 tablespoon cornstarch) and stir well to thicken. Finish by stirring in sugar & vegan oyster sauce as well. Taste to adjust seasoning & keep warm.
To Assemble. Boil thin udon noodles according to packaged instructions. Note: make sure not to over-cook these noodles. Firm (al dente) noodles will give you the best Jajangmyeon experience. To assemble, drain the noodles and place them in a bowl. Top with black bean sauce, scallions, thinly sliced cucumbers, and toasted sesame seeds. Enjoy warm.