Ingredients:
2 cloves garlic, finely minced
2  scallions, finely chopped (whites & greens separated)
170 grams fried tofu/bean curd, cubed
1 cup well-fermented vegan kimchi (homemade recipe HERE)
2 tablespoons gochujang (korean chili paste)
1 tablespoon light soy sauce
1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil
1.5 cups leftover white rice
1 pinch gochugaru (korean chili powder), for extra heat
dried seaweed/nori, for topping
toasted sesame seeds, for topping
120 grams soft/silken tofu
40 grams plant-based milk
1/4 teaspoon white/light-brown miso
1 tablespoon nutritional yeast
1/2 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon black salt (kala namak)
120 grams (1/2 cup) plant-based milk
5 tablespoons cornstarch
1/2 tablespoon tapioca starch
1 pinch black salt (kala namak)

Instructions:
Make the Vegan Egg Yolk. In a food processor, combine soft/silken tofu, plant-based milk, white/light-brown miso, nutritional yeast, cornstarch, vegetable oil, turmeric, and black salt. Blend until smooth and run through a fine mesh sieve for maximum smoothness. Taste to adjust seasoning & set aside.
Make the Vegan Egg White. In a bowl, whisk together plant-based milk, cornstarch, tapioca starch, and black salt. Combine well and set aside.
Make the Vegan Fried Eggs. Heat 1-2 tablespoons of oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Note: you can also use a non-stick pan with egg molds/rings. Once the oil is hot, carefully spoon in 2.5-3 tablespoons of the egg white component. Immediately turn the heat down (to low heat) and cover to cook for about 1 minute. Once the whites are nearly set, spoon on ~1 tablespoon of the egg yolk component. Cover again and cook until the whites are completely set and the edges are golden-brown & crispy. Note: Heat control is key here, you might burn the whites if you're not careful! Once done, carefully transfer them onto paper towel to blot off excess oil. This recipe yields about 6-7 vegan fried eggs.
Prepare Mise En Place. Start by chopping up kimchi into bite-sized pieces. Note: I recommend using kitchen shears and cutting the kimchi in a bowl, so as to avoid staining & contain all the juices. Squeeze excess liquid out of the kimchi (yields about 4 tablespoons) and separate the squeezed kimchi from the juice. To the juice, add gochujang and toasted sesame oil. Mix well to combine and set aside. For the scallions, remember to separate the white and green parts.
Make the Kimchi Fried Rice. Heat ~1 tablespoon of oil in a wok/pan over medium-high heat until shimmering. First add garlic & scallion whites and cook until fragrant, about 30-45 seconds. Add chopped kimchi and sauté until lightly browned, then follow with fried tofu/bean curd and cook to get some color as well. Add a bit more oil and go in with leftover rice. Break the rice up and add the prepared sauce (kimchi juice, gochujang, and toasted sesame oil). Toss everything to combine and stir rigorously to ensure there are no big lumps of rice. At the end, allow the rice to sit undisturbed in the wok/pan for about 1 minute to develop a slightly-charred, crispy crust underneath. Ladle finished rice on a plate and top with scallions (the reserved green part), gochugaru (if desired), dried seaweed/nori, toasted sesame seeds, and a vegan fried egg. Serve warm.