Ingredients:
450 grams all purpose flour (or bread flour)
405 grams warm water (around 105 F, 40 C)
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2.25 teaspoons (1 packet) instant yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 sprig fresh rosemary
flaky kosher salt

Instructions:
Make the Dough. In a large bowl, combine all purpose flour and kosher salt. In another bowl, mix together warm water, instant yeast, sugar, and let sit at room temperature for 5 minutes. Note: This step is done to make sure the yeast is still alive — the only way this bread fails is if the yeast is dead. If you see foam starting to float to the surface, the yeast is alive. If not, use a new batch of yeast. After 5 minutes, add the yeast-water mixture into the flour and mix with a spatula until all water is absorbed and a rough dough forms. Note: Take time to make sure all the flour is incorporated. Check the bottom — unmixed flour can gather there. Cover the surface of the dough with olive oil, then cover the whole bowl with a damp towel and let proof in the refrigerator for 12-24 hours.
Second Proof. Turn the dough onto a tall rimmed 9 x 13 inch baking pan that has been greased with 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Note: This seems like a lot of oil but it's what will develop the signature texture of the focaccia. Using your fingers, press and stretch the dough out into all four corners of the baking pan. If you find that the dough keeps bouncing back / isn't stretching out easily, cover the whole baking pan with plastic wrap and let the dough rest for about 10 minutes before trying again. Repeat if necessary. Eventually you will be able to spread the dough to the whole pan. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and proof at room temperature for 2-3 more hours.
Bake the Focaccia. Pre-heat the oven to 425 F (220 C). Using generously (olive) oiled fingers, make divots throughout the dough, being careful not to pierce completely through. Finish by drizzling extra olive oil on top to fill those dimples, followed by a generous amount of flaky kosher salt and fresh rosemary leaves. Bake the Focaccia for 25-30 minutes, or until crispy golden-brown on top. Remove from the pan immediately and let rest on a wire wrack for at least 15 minutes before slicing and serving.