Ingredients:
140 grams (1 cup + 1 tablespoon) glutinous rice flour
120 grams (1/2 cup) warm water
60 grams (6.5 tablespoons) black sesame seeds (see notes for mixed blends)
60 grams (4 tablespoons) sugar
60 grams (4 tablespoons) softened vegan butter, I used melt organic

Instructions:
Make the Filling. Before you start, take the vegan butter out from the refrigerator  to let it come to room temperature. Start making the filling by toasting black sesame seeds in a pan on medium-low heat. Once they smell fragrant and begin to create popping sounds (this usually takes about 5-7 minutes), remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Once cooled, add sesame seeds along with sugar to a food processor and blend until grainy. Place the mixture into a bowl, and stir in vegan butter to form a paste. Note: the consistency of the paste at this point will resemble what it looks like when the tang yuan is cooked. If the filling is not runny enough, add 1/2 - 1 tablespoon of water to loosen it. Place filling in a ziplock bag, then into the freezer to let cool (or the fridge if you are not making the dough immediately).
Make the Dough. While the filling is cooling, make the dough. Place glutinous rice flour into a mixing bowl. Slowly add the warm water while stirring, then gather with your hands until a rough dough forms. The dough should not be sticky, but still soft & pliable. Place the dough in a large bowl covered with a damp towel. Set aside.
Finish Prepping the Filling. At this point, check the filling to see if it has set. The filling should have hardened but still workable. Use a knife to cut open the ziplock bag and carefully remove the block of filling, then cut into about 16 evenly-sized portions (8-10 grams each). Roll each portion into balls, then place them all back into the refrigerator to keep cool. Note: I usually take 2-3 out at a time while forming the Tang Yuan.
Make the Tang Yuan. Roll out the rice flour dough into a long log, and divide into about 16 evenly-sized portions (18-20 grams each). Keep them in the covered bowl while assembling. For assembly roll each portion into balls, then use your thumb to create an indentation. Draw up the sides of the indent slightly, and place the black sesame filling in the middle. Keep drawing up the sides and eventually pinch the top shut. Gently roll to shape it into a smooth, round ball. Repeat until all the Tang Yuan is made.
Cook the Tang Yuan. Bring a pot of water to boil. Carefully place the Tang Yuan in, stirring immediately to make sure they do not stick. Simply cook until they float to the surface. Optionally, you can mix in a few tablespoons of osthamus syrup and/or fermented sweet rice ( Jiu Niang) near the end. Serve them warm with the hot soup.