Ingredients:
1 clove garlic, grated
1/4 teaspoon ginger powder
1 teaspoon sesame oil
3 tablespoons brown sugar
1/2 cup light soy sauce
1/2 cup mirin
1 teaspoon rice vinegar
1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds (optional)
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, for frying
2 inch ginger, peeled and finely minced
4 cloves garlic, finely minced
2  dried chilis, seeds removed and thinly sliced
1/4  yellow onion, finely minced
100 grams pearl onions (or replace with equal weight yellow onion)
2 cups cooked rice, left overnight
4 tablespoons teriyaki sauce (homemade)
1/4 cup frozen edamame, or other peas
1 package Gardein meatless turk'y cutlets
pickled red cabbage, for garnish

Instructions:
Make the Teriyaki Sauce. In a small pot or saucepan, first cook the brown sugar by itself until melted and caramelized (it should achieve a darker color). Then, add the sesame oil, garlic, and ginger and cook until just aromatic, around 1 minute. Deglaze the pan with soy sauce, mirin, and rice vinegar (I like to pre-combine them). Bring to a light boil and reduce the sauce by about half, or until desired consistency. The time the sauce takes to reduce will depend on heat and pan size, so just keep an eye on it. If you would like to add sesame seeds, add them at the end of the reduction.
Prepare the Gardein Meatless Turk'y Cutlets. Prepare according to packaged instructions. I personally prefer the baking method — 450 degrees F (232 C) for around 17 minutes.
Make the Teriyaki Fried Rice. In a work or pan, heat up vegetable oil on medium-high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, and dried chilis and cook together until aromatic, around 1 minute. Follow with yellow onions and pearl onions and cook until softened and lightly caramelized. Once the onions are nicely caramelized and charred, add the leftover cooked rice. Leftover rice is likely to be very clumpy so just use your spatula to break up the clumps. Once you've broken up the clumps and tossed the rice with the onions, add in the teriyaki sauce as well as frozen edamame (you don't need to thaw them before-hand). Toss everything together and cook for a few additional minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning with additional teriyaki sauce. Serve warm.