Ingredients:
8  dried shiitake mushrooms
1/4 cup textured vegetable protein
1.5 cups hot water
1 block (400 g) soft or silken tofu
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon fresh ginger, finely minced
3 cloves garlic, finely minced
3  dried chilis, seeds removed & thinly sliced
1 tablespoon fermented garlic black bean paste
1 tablespoon doubanjiang (spicy bean paste)
1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns, ground
2 tablespoons light soy sauce
1 teaspoon Chinese black vinegar (or rice vinegar)
3 tablespoons chili oil (homemade recipe HERE)
1.5 tablespoons cornstarch
1.5 tablespoons water

Instructions:
Prepare the TVP. Soak the TVP in warm water for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, drain the water and squeeze out excess liquid from the re-hydrated TVP. See this recipe for TVP visuals.
Prepare the Mushrooms. Let the dried shiitake mushrooms soak in 1.5 cups of hot water for 15-20 minutes. Once time is up, take out the shiitake mushrooms & reserve the mushroom-soaking liquid. Finely mince the mushrooms & set aside.
Blanch the Tofu. In a medium-sized pot, bring lightly-salted water to boil. Carefully add the tofu and cook for about 3 minutes. After 3 minutes, remove pot from the heat, drain the water, and keep the tofu warm inside the pot (with residual heat).
Make the Mapo Tofu. In a non-stick pan or wok, heat up sesame oil and vegetable oil on medium heat. Add the mushrooms and TVP, and cook while stirring until TVP is lightly browned and starting to turn crispy, around 7 minutes. Then add the garlic, ginger, and dried chilis, and cook until fragrant, around 1 minute. Follow with fermented black bean paste, doubanjiang, ground Sichuan peppercorns, and toast together for 2-3 minutes. Keep stirring & be careful not to burn. Deglaze with soy sauce and vinegar, then add back in the mushroom liquid. Very carefully add in the tofu in as well (they are very fragile at this point). Cook everything together for around 3 minutes (should be simmering/lightly boiling), then drizzle in the cornstarch slurry (thickening agent). Simply swirl the pan until the sauce thickens (don't use a spatula to stir the tofu around). Finish by drizzling chili oil and sprinkling scallions. Serve warm.