Ingredients:
400 grams (35-40) fresh brussels sprouts
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 cup vegetable oil
12 cloves garlic, finely minced
2 tablespoons gochugaru (Korean red chili powder)
salt, to taste

Instructions:
Prepare Brussels Sprouts. Pre-heating the oven to 425 F (220 C), and turn on the convection/fan setting if available. Start by slicing off the brown root-end of each brussels sprout, being careful not to slice off too much (so as to keep the outer leaves intact). Bring a pot of generously-salted water to boil, and cook the brussels sprouts until tender, about 10 minutes. Note: Salting the water here helps internally season the brussels sprouts. Don't skip it! Once tender, drain brussels sprouts and pour onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Let cool for about 1-2 minutes.
Roast Brussels Sprouts. Lightly pat the brussels sprouts dry with paper towel, then toss them with vegetable oil. One by one, use something with a flat-bottom (for example, large spoon or mug) to gently press into a disk that is about half the original height. Spread brussels sprouts to a single layer, leaving ample room between each brussels sprout for air to circulate. Note: Use more than one baking sheet if needed. Roast the brussels sprouts for 20-25 minutes, flipping once half-way through. Towards the end of baking, keep an eye on the brussels sprouts and pull them at your desired crispness/charring. A good amount of charring is tasty here.
Make Garlic Chili Oil. In a pan or wok (still cold), simply combine vegetable oil, minced garlic, and red chili powder. Turn the heat up to low and let sizzle for about 5 minutes, or until smelling very fragrant. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, and pour into a heat-proof bowl to cool. Note: for even more pungent garlic flavor, you can consider adding 1-2 cloves of fresh minced garlic to the finished chili oil. The flavor also gets better as you let it sit and infuse.
Assembly. Place roasted brussels sprouts on a plate and drizzle all over with the garlic chili oil. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds, flaky salt, fresh parsley, and/or sliced scallions. Enjoy warm.