Ingredients:
200 grams soft or silken tofu (half of a 14 oz. package)
3/4 cup all purpose flour
2 tablespoons sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
4 tablespoons cocoa powder
vegetable oil, for frying
45 grams chocolate bar, melted (I used dark chocolate)
kosher salt

Instructions:
Prepare the Tofu. Drain out excess liquid from the soft tofu. Using a whisk, mash the tofu up as fine as possible.
Prepare the Dry Ingredients. In a large mixing bowl, simply combine all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, and cocoa powder. Mix well.
Make the Dough. Add the mashed tofu to the dry ingredients, and use a spatula to mix and combine. At first, it might seem too crumbly but just continue mixing. After around 2 minutes, a dough should come together. Continue to incorporate the remaining dry powder into the dough until no powder is left.
Shape into Donuts. On a well-floured surface, roll out the dough into a long baton. Divide the dough into four equal batons. Take each baton and roll them out into batons as well — don't flour the ends. Stick the two ends of each baton together to create rings and shape each ring to the best of your ability to make them resemble donuts.
Option 1: Fry the Donuts. In a medium-sized pan, heat up a generous amount of vegetable oil. Use a wooden utensil to test whether the oil is hot enough or not — if the wooden utensil starts bubbling immediately, the oil is ready. Fry the donuts for around 2 minutes on each side, or until crispy. You won't need more than 4 minutes total — be sure not to overcook them! When they are ready, place them on a wire wrack to cool.
Option 2: Bake the Donuts. Pre-heat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and carefully place the donuts on a parchment-lined baking tray. Bake for about 15 minutes, flipping half-way.
Prepare the Chocolate Glaze. Melt the chocolate bars in a small mixing bowl — let the bowl float on top of hot water and melt slowly for best (more shiny) results.
Glaze the Donuts. While the donuts are still warm, dip them in the chocolate glaze and place them back onto a wire wrack to set. Spoon all the remaining melted chocolate on top, if there are any left. Sprinkle the top with some Kosher salt. Enjoy warm.