Ingredients:
1 cup sticky/glutinous rice
7  dried shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced
30 grams carrots, finely minced
85 grams fried bean curd, sliced like lardon
1 (56 g) pack gardein plant-based jerky, finely minced (optional)
1/4 cup cashews
1 inch (15 g) ginger, finely minced
4 medium -sized shallots, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon shallot oil (from frying)
2 tablespoons light soy sauce
1.5 teaspoons dark soy sauce
2 tablespoons Shaoxing cooking wine
1 teaspoon doubanjiang, or spicy bean paste
2 tablespoons vegan oyster sauce, I used Lee Kum Kee's
1.5 tablespoons sugar
1 teaspoon ground five spice
3/4 cup water (for soaking mushrooms)
1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil

Instructions:
Make the Sticky Rice. Soak Rice with water (place in fridge) for at least 6 hours, preferably over-night. Drain the rice and let sit for at least 30 minutes before steaming. Spread rice into a parchment-lined bamboo steamer and steam for around 25 minutes, or until grains are translucent and tender. Remove bamboo steamer from direct heat and keep warm aside.
Rehydrate Shiitake Mushrooms. Soak mushrooms in warm water for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, take out mushrooms and reserve its soaking liquid.
Make Crispy Shallots. Make the Crispy Shallots. Heat up 3-4 tablespoons vegetable oil in a wok/small pot on medium heat. While oil is heating, peel and slice shallots into very thin strips. Once oil is shimmering, place sliced shallots in and fry until golden brown, around 7 minutes. Note: especially keep an eye on the shallots after around 5 minutes. Once they begin to brown, they can turn too dark very fast. Strain & drain the shallots, and set aside both the shallots and the shallot-infused oil.
Make the Sticky Rice. Your sticky rice should be done/nearly done steaming before you begin this step. In a wok/small pot, heat 1 tablespoon of the shallot-infused oil on medium-heat, and fry minced ginger until aromatic, around 1 minute. Add shiitake mushrooms and cook until most moisture evaporates, then follow with carrots, fried bean curd, fried shallots, minced jerky, and cashews. Cook everything together while constantly stirring for 2-3 minutes. Deglaze with soy sauces, cooking wine, doubanjiang, vegan oyster sauce, sugar, and five spice. Mix everything together, then immediately follow with your steamed sticky rice (break it up and add by chunks). Note: be careful not to squish the rice while stirring! Then, finish by adding mushroom water with a drizzle of toasted sesame oil, and cook until most of the liquid evaporates.
Finish the Sticky Rice. Add all of the sticky rice back into the parchment-lined bamboo steamer. Steam for an additional 10 minutes to heat everything through & evaporate additional moisture. To finish, garnish with coriander or chopped scallions. Serve warm (I like to add additional doubanjiang on the side).