Ingredients:
1.5 cups non-dairy milk (almond, soy, oat, etc)
1/2 cup sugar
400 grams coconut cream (full fat)
2 heaping tablespoons black sesame paste
4 tablespoons vegan condensed milk
1/4 cup roasted black sesame seeds
1 teaspoon pure vanila extract
1 tablespoon vodka (optional, but recommended)
1/4 cup coconut oil, melted
1/3 cup maple syrup
1 tablespoon light soy sauce
1/2 cup non-dairy milk

Instructions:
Make the Vegan Condensed Milk. In a sauce-pan, combine non-dairy milk and sugar. Bring to a boil and let simmer to reduce by two-thirds, around 30 minutes.  Note: Don't let the milk boil too rapidly! At the end of the reduction, the consistency should resemble regular condensed milk, but note that it will get a little less runny when cooled. Let cool for at least 2 hours in the fridge. Below is the condensed milk drizzled into coconut cream (for the ice cream).
Make the Soy Sauce Caramel. In a sauce-pan on medium heat, whisk together melted coconut oil, maple syrup, and soy sauce. Slowly drizzle in non-dairy milk while whisking until fully incorporated. Bring to a light boil and reduce until desired consistency (should coat the back of a spoon), or resembling caramel. Remove from the heat and let cool completely.
Make the Black Sesame Ice Cream. Pour the coconut cream into a large bowl (The can(s) of coconut cream is chilled in the fridge overnight for the best separation between water & cream, as you only want the cream). Whip the coconut cream until stiff peaks form. Whipping is much easier when the cream is cold — place it in the freezer for a few minutes if the cream is not whipping up. Once stiff peaks form, add in the condensed milk, black sesame paste (homemade instructions HERE), black sesame seeds, vanilla extract, and vodka*. Gently fold everything together with a spatula. Quickly pour the mixture into a freezer-safe airtight container. Chill in the freezer for at least 5 hours, or until solid.
Let ice cream thaw for at least 10 minutes before scooping. Before serving the soy sauce caramel, re-heat it in a microwave set on high heat for 15 seconds. Drizzle on ice cream to serve.