Ingredients:
40 grams almond butter
200 grams unsweetened pumpkin puree (or sweet potato puree)
400 grams coconut cream (full fat)
1 teaspoon pure vanila extract (contains alcohol)
30 grams unsweetened cocoa powder
4 tablespoons vegan condensed milk, or liquid sweetener of choice
1 teaspoon instant coffee (optional)
1/3 cup chopped vegan dark chocolate (optional)
1 tablespoon vodka (optional)
1.5 cups non-dairy milk (almond, soy, oat, etc)
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup raw almonds
1 pinch fine sea salt (optional)

Instructions:
Prepare the Vegan Condensed Milk. In a sauce-pan, combine non-dairy milk and sugar. Bring to a boil and let simmer to reduce by two-thirds, around 30 minutes. Note: Don’t let the milk boil too rapidly! At the end of the reduction, the consistency should resemble regular condensed milk, but note that it will get a little less runny when cooled. Let cool for at least 2 hours in the fridge. Below is the condensed milk drizzled into coconut cream (for the ice cream base).
Prepare the Almond Butter. Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees F (176 C). Spread almonds (single layer) onto a large sheet pan. Roast the almonds for 10 minutes, stirring them around half-way through. Let them cool for around 10 minutes before adding them to a food processor. Depending on the power of your food processor, blend the almonds for 3-10 minutes, or until smooth & creamy (you won't need to add any extra oil!). Finish with a pinch of salt (optional) to taste. Set aside & let cool.
Prepare Pumpkin Puree. You can either roast your own pumpkin & turn it into puree, or simply use canned pumpkin puree. Canned pumpkin puree usually has more moisture though — you may want to set it on a mesh sieve to let excess moisture drip out (to prevent icy ice cream).
Prepare Ice Cream Base. The can(s) of coconut cream is chilled in the fridge overnight for the best separation between water & cream, as you only want the cream. our the coconut cream into a large bowl (The can(s) of coconut cream is chilled in the fridge overnight for the best separation between water & cream, as you only want the cream). Whip the coconut cream until stiff peaks form. Whipping is much easier when the cream is cold — place it in the freezer for a few minutes if the cream is not whipping up. Once relatively stiff peaks form, add all remaining ice cream ingredients (you can pre-combine them). Gently fold everything together with a spatula. Quickly pour the mixture into a freezer-safe airtight container. Chill in the freezer for at least 5 hours, or until solid.
Let ice cream thaw for at least 10 minutes before scooping (if refrigerated overnight or longer). I like to serve it with an extra drizzle of melted chocolate and a sprinkle of crushed peanuts.