Ingredients:
3 cups All-Purpose flour
¾ cup Confectioner’s sugar
1 ½ cups Coconut oil
½ tsp. Vanilla
5.5 oz Chocolate (semi-sweet)
¼ cup Agave syrup (light)
1 tbsp. Coconut oil
½ tsp. Vanilla
1 tbsp. Almond-coconut milk (unsweetened)
3 oz. Chocolate (semi-sweet)
¼ cup Almond-coconut milk
1 tbsp. Coconut oil

Instructions:
Preheat oven to 350F
To make the cookies: place the flour, confectioners sugar, coconut oil and vanilla in the food processor and pulse until the mixture starts coming together. Turn out unto a lightly floured surface and knead until you get a uniform dough (1 -2 min.).
Roll out ¼ inch thick and use a 2-inch cookie cutter to cut out 40 circles. If the dough gets too soft you can place in the refrigerator for a couple of minutes. It will harden fast so be careful. You can also re-roll the scraps to get the right amount of circles.
Place circles on a parchment lined sheet-tray and place in freezer for 5 min. Remove from freezer and bake for 15-20 minutes or until the edges are golden brown. Let cool for a couple minutes then transfer to a cooling rack.
To make the filling: Bring a medium pot of water to a simmer. Place the chocolate in a bowl and set on top of the pot. Make sure the bottom of the bowl is not touching the water. Stir with a spatula until chocolate is completely melted. Remove from the heat and add agave, coconut oil, vanilla and almond milk. Let cool to room temperature.
Once the filling is at room temperature place in a piping bag. Turn over 20 cookies and pipe about 1 tbsp. of the filling in the center. Place the other 20 cookies on top to make a sort of cookie sandwich.
To make the glaze: Return the pot of water to a simmer. Place the chocolate, coconut oil, vanilla, and almond milk in a bowl and set on top of pot. Stir with a spatula until chocolate is completely melted. Remove from heat and use right away or keep warm.
Drizzle the warm chocolate over the cookies so that it looks like a scribble. Place the cookies in a cool place so the chocolate cools down and sets. Do not refrigerate cookies.