Ingredients:
1 tbsp. Cumin (seeds)
1 tbsp. Fennel (Seeds)
1/4 tsp. Crushed red pepper flakes
1/2 tbsp. Salt (kosher)
1/2 tbsp. Black Pepper (ground)
2 cups Chickpeas, (canned, drained)
1 can (14 oz.) Tomatoes (diced, canned)
4 cups Vegetable broth
1  Orange (zest removed in wide strips)
1  Lemon (zest removed in wide strips)
1  Bay leaf (dried)
5 tbsp Olive oil
1  Red onion (sliced)
2  Fennel bulb (sliced thick)
1/8 tsp. Saffron
4  Carrots (large, cut into ½ in. chunks)
2  Garlic (cloves, thinly sliced)
1 tbsp. Thyme (fresh, chopped)
1 lb. Yukon gold or fingerling potatoes (halved)
1 head Cauliflower (cut into florets)
1 head Broccoli (cut into florets, blanched)
2  Zucchini (cut into ½ in. rounds)
1 cup Corn kernels (fresh or frozen)
1 cup Green beans (blanched)
2 cups Green olives
1 cup Almonds (toasted, roughly chopped)
1/4 cup Cilantro (fresh, chopped)
1/4 cup Mint (fresh, chopped)
1/2 cup Harissa sauce
1 cup Greek yogurt ((Optional))

Instructions:
Preheat oven to 400F.
Combine vegetable broth, chickpeas, lemon and orange zests, can of tomatoes, and bay leaf in a large pot. Set aside.
Combine spice mix in a small sauté pan set over medium heat and toast. Remove spices from pan and set aside. Once cool, grind in spice grinder.
In a large bowl, combine red onion, fennel, 2 tbsp. of oil, half the spice mixture, saffron, and toss. Place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and roast in oven for 20 min. Remove from oven and place in the pot with the chickpeas.
In the same bowl, combine potatoes, thyme, 1 tbsp. of olive oil and second half of the spice mixture. Place on a sheet pan with parchment paper and roast in oven for 35 min. Add to pot with chickpeas.
In the same bowl, combine carrots, garlic cloves, and 1 tbsp. of olive oil. Place on a sheet pan with parchment paper. Place cut zucchini and cauliflower separately in the same sheet pan as the carrots, drizzle with 1 tbsp. of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in oven for 30 min. Add to pot with chickpeas.
Add blanched broccoli, blanched green beans, and corn to the pot. Season with salt and pepper.
Bring ingredients in the pot to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 min. or until vegetables are cooked through.
Serve in bowls with couscous and garnish with almonds, harissa, yogurt, olives, mint, and cilantro.