Ingredients:
2 cups Masa harina ((nixtamalized corn flour))
1/4 tsp. Salt
1 3/4 cups Warm water
2/3 cup Chopped chaya (watercress, or Swiss chard (20g))
8 oz Vegan cheese (grated (about 2 cups))
1 tsp. Avocado oil ((optional))
  White onion (diced (95g))
1  Habanero pepper (whole (18g))
4  Plum tomatoes (medium, pureed  (593g))
1  Garlic clove (minced (4g))
Oil for frying ((optional))

Instructions:
To make the dough: In a large bowl combine masa harina and salt. Pour in the water while slowly mixing the masa harina with your hand. The dough should be moist, but not sticky, like a soft playdough. If necessary, add more water until you reach the right consistency. Stir in chaya and knead for 5 minutes by hand inside the bowl, cover with a moistened kitchen towel and let rest while you make the tomato sauce.
To make the tomato sauce: Heat oil in a large skillet to medium heat and add the onion and habanero pepper . Sauté until tender and translucent, 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Pour in tomato puree and simmer until the sauce has thickened and become a deep red color, 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.
To make the empanadas: Roll the dough into balls the size of a golf ball (50g)(1.7 oz.). Line your tortilla press with two sheets of plastic (cut grocery bags work the best). Place one ball of dough in the center of the press, and press down to about 1/4 inch (6mm) thick. Open the press, and remove the sheet of plastic on top of the dough and place 1   tablespoons of the cheese in the center. Fold the dough over the filling, making the edges meet, press edges to seal, forming an empanada. Peel the remaining plastic off and place the empanada on a sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Repeat this process with the rest of the empanadas.
To cook the empanadas: Heat 2 inches of oil in a large skillet to 360F. Drop in empanadas and cook until golden brown, 2 minutes on each side. Remove from the oil and place on a plate lined with paper towels to absorb the oil. To cook these without oil: Heat a seasoned large cast iron skillet or comal over medium heat. Add two empandas to the skillet. Cook until the edges start to dry out and change color, 3 minutes. Flip the empanadas, the cooked side should be crisp and with brown spots. Cook the other side until golden brown, 3 minutes.
Serve the warm empanadas on top of the habanero tomato sauce.