Ingredients:
6 sheets Mixiote or parchment paper squares
6  Guajillo chiles (dried, de-stemmed, de-seeded)
4  Ancho chiles (dried, de-stemmed, de-seeded)
1/2 teaspoon Cumin ground (1/4 tsp. Cumin seeds)
3 cloves Garlic
1  Clove (whole)
3  Black peppercorns
1 piece Ceylon cinnamon stick (1 inch)
1/2 tsp. Oregano (dried)
1/4 tsp Thyme (fresh, chopped)
1/2  White Onion
1  Avocado leaf (toasted)
1/4 cup White Vinegar
1 lb. Assorted mushrooms (oyster, portobello, shiitake, sliced)
12 oz. Nopales (diced (2 cups))
1/2  Red onion (thinly sliced)
12  Corn Tortillas
1/3 cup Chopped cilantro
Your favorite Salsa

Instructions:
Fill a large container or pot with hot water and soak your parchment or mixiote paper.
Bring a small pot of water to a boil.
Heat a comal or cast-iron skillet to medium heat and toast them lightly on both sides. Place in a bowl and pour boiling water over them. Let soak for 10 min.
In the meantime, bring a medium pot of water and salt to a boil and drop in the nopales. Boil for 8 - 10 minutes until the nopales are tender. Drain and run cold water over the nopales. Set aside.
Drain the soaked chiles, but reserve 1 cup of the chile soaking liquid. Place the chiles, cumin, garlic, cloves, peppercorn, cinnamon, thyme, oregano, onion, avocado leaf, vinegar, and 1/2 cup of the chile soaking liquid in the blender and process until smooth. If necessary add the remaining 1/2 cup of chile soaking liquid to get the mixture to the consistency of a purée. Strain.
Heat a saucepot to medium-low heat and add the chile puree, simmer for 5-6 minutes, adjust seasoning, remove from heat, and let cool.
In a large bowl, combine the mushrooms, red onion, and nopales. Pour the chile puree on top and mix well to combine. Let marinate in the sauce for 30 min.
Remove paper from water and lay out the pieces on a cutting board. Divide the mushroom mixture among the 6 pieces of paper, gather the edges of the paper together, and tie with butcher’s twine.
Setup up your steamer pot, fill the bottom with water, and place the mixiote packets on the steamer rack. Steam for 20 minutes or until the contents of the packets are bubbling and the mushrooms are tender.
Remove mixiote from the steamer and serve your mixiote on warm corn tortillas and garnish with cilantro and your favorite salsa.