Ingredients:
250 g All-purpose flour ((1 2/3 cup))
1 tsp. Baking powder
1 Pinch of salt
2 tbsp. Orange zest
2 tbsp. Avocado oil
1 cup Orange juice
2 cups Vegetable oil
½ cup Sugar
2 tbsp. Ground cinnamon

Instructions:
In a small pot, heat orange juice until it begins to steam. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a large bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, salt, orange zest. Add the avocado oil and incorporate it into the flour using a fork.
Add ½ cup of the orange juice to the flour mixture and knead with your hands. The dough should be wet and sticky, but still manageable. If the dough is too dry, gradually add the remaining ½ cup of orange juice.
Knead dough for 20 to 30 min. or until it becomes smooth and elastic. (As an alternative, you can also knead the dough in an electric mixer with the hook attachment for 10 – 15 min.) Place dough in a large greased bowl and cover with a kitchen towel. Let rest 30 – 40 min.
Remove dough from bowl and roll into 1 ½ inch balls. Cover balls with a towel, and continue to roll the rest of the dough. On a lightly floured surface, using a rolling pin, roll out each ball as thin as you can keeping the circle shape.
Take one round of dough and hold with both hands. Use your fingers and thumbs to carefully stretch out the edge of the dough. Continue this motion around the whole diameter of the dough. The round of dough should be thin, so thin you can almost see through it. Avoid tearing as much as possible. (Alternatively, you can do this by placing a bowl open side down covered with a towel, and stretching the round of dough over it.)
Lay stretched out rounds of dough on kitchen towels, repeat this process with the rest of the dough, and let rest uncovered for 20 min.
Heat 2 cups of oil in a large sauté pan to 350F and fry until golden brown, about 20 seconds on each side. Remove buñuelo from oil and lay on paper towels to absorb excess oil. Repeat this process with the rest of the dough. Add more oil to the pan if necessary. Once all the buñuelos are fried, dust with cinnamon sugar and serve.