Ingredients:
1 pkg. Extra Firm Tofu ((14oz.))
1-2 tsp. Salt
2 tbsp. Nutritional yeast
1 tsp. Garlic powder
1 tbsp. Apple Cider vinegar
½  Lime (juiced)
5  Chiles ancho (destemmed, deseeded)
1 clove Garlic
1/4  White onion
1/2 tsp. Oregano
1/4 tsp. Cumin
1 tsp. White vinegar
1.5 cups Chile water, (leftover from cooking)
2 cups Diced zucchini
12 oz. Soy Chorizo
1 cup Vegetable oil
12  Tortillas
1 cup Tofu Queso fresco
2 cups Shredded lettuce
4  Radishes (sliced)
1  Avocado (sliced)

Instructions:
To make the queso fresco: Press tofu for 30 min. Crumble tofu into a bowl and add the salt, nutritional yeast, lime juice, and garlic powder. Using your hand mix well. Let sit overnight.
To make the sauce: bring a medium pot, filled with water, to a boil. Add zucchini and let cook for 2-3 minutes or until it’s slightly tender. Remove the zucchini with a strainer, and set aside.
In the same boiling water drop the chiles and simmer slowly for 7 minutes. Strain the chiles, but save 1.5 cups of the chile water.
Place the soaked chiles, onion, garlic, cumin, oregano, white vinegar, and chile water in the blender. Process until smooth. Season to taste with salt. Set aside.
To make the enchiladas: heat a large sauté pan to medium heat and add the chorizo, cook stirring often for 4-5 minutes until the chorizo is golden brown. Remove the chorizo from the pan and set it aside.
Heat the pan you cooked the chorizo in, to low heat, and pour in the enchilada sauce. Bring to a simmer and turn off.
Heat the vegetable oil in a separate sauté pan to 350°F. Dip one of the tortillas in the enchilada sauce, make sure both sides are covered in sauce. Take this tortilla and drop it in the oil. Almost immediately flip the tortilla, then quickly remove it from the oil. Place it on the plate. (You must do this quickly or the tortilla will get soggy and fall apart). Repeat this process with the rest of the tortillas.
To assemble the enchiladas: top the tortillas with the chorizo, add the cooked zucchini, shredded, lettuce, sliced radishes, queso fresco, and avocado. Serve immediately.