Ingredients:
3 cans (15 oz.) White hominy, (drained, rinsed)
2 1/2 quarts Vegetable Stock
5  Chile guajillo, dried, (stemmed and seeded)
2  Chile ancho, dried, (stemmed and seeded)
5  Chile de rbol, dried, (stemmed and seeded)
6 cloves Garlic
  Onion, (white)
1 tbsp. Vegetable oil ((optional))
2 cans (20oz./ea) Young green jackfruit brine, (drained)
1  Zucchini, (medium, cut into dice)
1  White onion, (small, minced)
6  Red radishes, (sliced into batons)
2 tbsp. Oregano, (dried)
  Green cabbage, (cored, thinly sliced)
4  Limes (cut into quarters)
1 bag Corn chips or tostadas

Instructions:
In a large pot, combine the vegetable stock and hominy and bring to a LOW simmer.
While the hominy is simmering, remove stems and seeds from the chile ancho, arbol, and guajillo. Rinse and place in a medium pot with water.
Bring pot to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 min.
Drain chiles, but reserve 1  cups of the chile water. Place chiles, garlic and onion in the blender, add the chile water and blend until smooth. Strain.
To prepare the jackfruit, drain the jackfruit, rinse, and pat with paper towels. Cut out the core of the jackfruit (tip of the triangle pieces), and cut pieces in half. Heat 1 tbsp. of oil in a large sauté pan set to medium heat. Add the jackfruit and cook for 3 -4 minutes on each side or until it begins to brown. Pour the chile sauce over the jackfruit and reduce heat to low-medium. Simmer for 10 minutes or until jackfruit begins to break down and the sauce has thickened slightly. Use a fork to shred the jackfruit as it cooks down. Season with salt and pepper.
Your hominy should still be simmering very slowly. Scoop out one cup of the hominy-vegetable stock mixture and blend until smooth. Pour this back into the pot with the hominy
Raise heat to medium-low, and add the zucchini and shredded jackfruit with sauce. Let simmer for 8- 10 minutes or until the zucchini is tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper.&nbsp;
Serve your pozole with all of the toppings on the side.