Ingredients:
1 package Gardein Homestyle Beefless Tips (*see note)
5  Small russet potatoes ((about 4 cups diced potatoes))
5  Small carrots ((about 1 ½ cups diced Carrots))
3  Small tomatoes ((about 1 ¼ cup diced tomato))
1/4  White onion ((about 1/3 cup diced onion))
2 cloves Garlic
1  Anaheim chile, (fresh)
5  Guajillo chiles, (dried)
1 Pinch Cumin ((about 1/4 tsp.))
2  Not Beef Bouillon Cubes
1  Not-Chick'n Bouillon Cube
1 tsp. Dried oregano
Salt &amp; pepper to taste
1/2 cup Manzanilla olives
2  Bay leaves, (dried)
1/4 cup Preferred beer, (*see notes)

Instructions:
Fill a medium pot with water and bring to a boil. Add guajillo chiles and let simmer slowly for 5 – 8 minutes to soften the chiles.
Continue by dicing tomato, anaheim chile and onion in to very small-fine pieces.
Heat a large pot to medium-low heat and add 1 tsp. oil (optional). Add onion, Anaheim chile, and tomato and sweat for 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender,
Meanwhile chop carrots and potatoes into small-medium chunks. Add only carrots and olives to pot; cover and continue to cook for another 3-5 mins.
When guajillo chiles have softened, drain, and place in the blender with 1 cup of water, garlic, cumin, dried oregano, and a pinch of salt and black pepper, blend till smooth.
Take that chile mixture and strain it, add strained liquid to pot and simmer for another 5 mins
Add potatoes and both not-beef cubes, 1 chkn cube and 2 bay leaves. Increase heat to medium, cover, and keep cooking for another 10 mins depending how soft or hard you like your potatoes to be. (If necessary add more water.)
Heat a sauté pan to medium-high heat and add 1 tsp. of oil. Add beefless tips and brown them on both sides until golden brown.
Add the beefless tips to the pot with the vegetables, add another 2 cups of water, and ¼ cup of beer. Stir and let cook on low heat for 5 more mins. (You can add more than 2 cups of water. Today I did because I wanted my barbacoa to have plenty of broth. Add as much or little as you like.)
1Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Turn off heat, make some frijoles puercos and sopa fria to go with it and voilà