Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups lentils (dry)
  Onion, (large)
2  Garlic cloves, (peeled, smashed)
2  Large tomatoes, ((see note))
6  Poblano peppers, (roasted, peeled, seeds removed)
 cup Water
  Onion, (minced (1 cup))
3 cloves Garlic, (minced)
 cup Pear, (diced)
 cup Apple, (diced)
 cup Peeled, (diced green plantain)
 cup Slivered almonds
2  tbsp. Raisins
8  Manzanilla olives, (quartered)
1 tbsp. Chopped capers
1/4 tsp. Clove, (ground)
1/8 tsp. Cinnamon, (ground)
1/8  tsp.  Ground black pepper
1 1/2 cup Walnuts, (soaked in water the night before, drained)
1 1/2  cup Almond milk, (unsweetened)
1 1/2  cup Baguette or bolillo, (cut crust off, cut bread into cubes)
1 1/2  tsp. Sugar or sweetener of choice
1 1/2  tsp. White wine
Salt to taste
1  Pomegranate, cut, peeled, and seeds removed
1/4 cup Chopped parsley

Instructions:
Fill a medium pot with water and add lentils,  of an onion, and 2 smashed garlic cloves. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
While the lentils are cooking, place the two tomatoes and the poblano peppers on a sheet tray. Turn your oven broiler to high and place sheet tray on the top rack of the oven. Let them cook for a couple of minutes on each side until the tomato and the chiles begin to soften and have black spots all over. Remove from heat. Place the tomates and chiles in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rest 5 minutes.
Drain the lentils, reserve 1 cup of the lentil cooking liquid, and using a potato masher, mash them to break them up.
Peel the poblano peppers, make 1 cut lengthwise with a knife, and remove the seeds. Set aside.
Remove half of the skin off of the tomatoes, and using a blender process them into a puree. Set aside.
Set a large pot to medium heat, add  cup of water, and add onion. Cook for 4-5 minutes until onion begins to soften and look translucent.
Add garlic and cook for 2 more minutes.
Add cooked lentils, mix well, and pour in tomato puree. Let cook for 3-4 minutes or until the puree begins to bubble and change to a darker red color.
Add clove, cinnamon, black pepper, plantain, apple, pear, almonds, olives, capers, and raisins. Stir mixture.
Add 1 cup of the liquid you reserved from the lentils, and simmer for 20 min or until the plantain is cooke through. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
While the picadillo is cooking, soak the cut bread in the cup of almond milk for 5 minutes.
In a blender, place the soaked bread and milk, previously soaked and drained walnuts, sugar, and white wine, blend until smooth. Season to taste with salt. It should have the consistency of a cream sauce. If it is too thick, add more almond milk. Set aside.
Stuff the chiles rellenos with the lentil picadillo. Place the chiles seam side down on a plate. Pour walnut sauce over them, and sprinkle with pomegranate seeds and chopped parsley.