Ingredients:
1 cup Cashews (soaked overnight in hot water)
7 oz. Extra firm tofu (pressed (1/2 block))
2 cloves Garlic (peeled)
1 tbsp. Nutritional yeast
2 tbsp. Lemon Juice (fresh)
1/2 tsp. Chopped thyme
1 tbsp. Chopped chives
1 tbsp Chopped basil
½ cup Almonds raw
1 clove Garlic
¾ cup Water
¼ cup Almond milk (unsweetened)
1 tbsp. Lemon juice fresh
1 jar (23.5 oz.) Spicy Arrabbiata Marinara Sauce
1 tbsp. Primal Kitchen extra virgin olive oil
1/2  Red onion (minced)
1  Zucchini (diced)
1  Yellow squash (diced)
1  Red bell pepper (diced)
1 ½ cups Vegetable stock
¼ cup Chopped basil

Instructions:
Preheat oven to 400°F.
To make the cashew cheese: Drain your cashews and place in the food processor and process for 3-5 minutes until the cashews become like a paste, scrape down the sides of the food processor.
Add the tofu, garlic, nutritional yeast, lemon juice, and process until you have a smooth paste. Add salt and pepper to taste, and the herbs then process one more time to incorporate. Set aside.
To make the almond crema: Place all the ingredients in the blender and process until smooth. (If you don’t have a high powered blender I recommend you soak and peel the almonds beforehand). Set aside.
To make the lasagna: Heat a large pot to medium heat and add olive oil. Add onion and cook for 3- 4 minutes until it is translucent, add bell pepper and cook for 3 more minutes until it’s tender. Add zucchini and yellow squash and continue to cook until the squash is firm but completely cooked, about 4 minutes.
Add jar of sauce, and vegetable broth. Simmer slowly for 6 minutes then blend until smooth (I use a hand blender for this).
Pour a layer of sauce into a 9 X 13 baking dish add three sheets of lasagna. Top with 5 tbsp. of cashew ricotta and pour 2 – 3 tbsp. of almond crema. Repeat until you have used all the cashew ricotta, and sauce. Reserve 1/4 cup of almond crema.
Cover with foil and bake for 45 min. Remove from oven and let sit for 8 minutes. Pour the remaining almond sauce on top and swirl with a spoon to evenly distribute it. Sprinkle with chopped basil and serve.