Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup unsweetened almond or soy milk (at room temperature)
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons vegan butter
1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
canola oil for frying
3 tablespoons vegan butter
3 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon

Instructions:
Melt the vegan butter in a small pot on the stovetop.It shouldn’t boil. Set aside and let it cool down for 5 minutes.
In alarge bowl, combine the flour, the active dry yeast, the sugar, and the salt.
Add the melted vegan butter, the vanilla extract, andthe almond milk. Knead with your hands until a smooth dough forms.Alternatively, you could also use a kitchen machine like a KitchenAid.
Lightly oil the bowl and place the dough back intothe bowl. Cover with a clean dish towel and let it rise in a warm spot for 1hour. It should about double in size during this time.
Then, lightly flour your working surface and place thedough on top. Roll out the dough with a rolling pin. It should be about ½ inchthick.
Use a donut cutter to cut out 7 or 8 donuts dependingon the size of your donut cutter.
Line abaking tray with parchment paper and place the donuts on top. Again, cover itwith a dish towel and let it rise in a warm spot for another hour.
Use alarge pot or pan and heat about 2 inches of oil over medium heat. The oilshould be about 350 °F hot. Either use a frying thermometer or fry a smallpiece of bread in the oil to see if it’s hot enough. If it becomes brown andcrispy and floats to the top in about 45 seconds, the oil is hot enough for youto start frying the donuts.
Using a spatula, carefully add a few donuts to yourpot or pan. Be careful not to splash the hot oil.
Fry them for about 2 minutes on each side untilpuffy and golden brown. Carefully flip them after 2 minutes with the spatula.Use tongs to remove the donuts from the oil when they’re done.
Place them on a cooling rack covered with paper towelsto soak up any excess oil.
Melt the vegan butter for the sugar coating in a smallpot on the stove top. Place it in a shallow dish. Combine the sugar and thecinnamon in another shallow dish.
Dip each donut first in butter and then in the cinnamon sugar mixture. Place it back onthe rack to cool (remove the paper towels before placing the donuts back ontothe cooling rack).