Ingredients:
14 oz firm or extra-firm tofu
2 tablespoons sesame oil
4 tablespoons soy sauce
2  cloves of garlic
1 inch piece ginger
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 teaspoon paprika powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika powder
1 teaspoon maple syrup
1 teaspoon onion powder
red pepper flakes

Instructions:
Start by pressing your tofu. Remove the tofu from the packaging.Then wrap it with a clean dishtowel. Alternatively, you could also use paper towels.Cover with a baking sheet and then place something heavy on top. I usually use a stack of cookbooks. But you could also use cans of beans, a cast iron skillet, or smaller weights you use for weight lifting exercises.&nbsp;Let it press for about 10-15 minutes.&nbsp;
In the meantime, make the tofu marinade.&nbsp;Cut the garlic and the ginger into thin slices. In an airtight container or a bowl, combine all of the ingredients and whisk well.&nbsp;
After the tofu has been pressed for about 10-15 minutes, cut it into cubes. &nbsp;Then add it to the tofu marinade and carefully stir with a spoon until all of the tofu cubes are covered.&nbsp;
Cover the container and store it in the fridge for at least 1-2 hours. If you have enough time, I recommend letting the tofu marinate overnight. This way it will be even more flavorful.&nbsp;
To pan-fry the marinated tofu:Heat some oil in a frying pan or in a cast iron skillet.Add the marinated tofu, but leave the rest of the tofu marinade behind (you can use it later if you want). Fry the tofu until golden brown.&nbsp;
How to bake the marinated tofu:Preheat your oven to 350 °F.&nbsp;After the tofu has been marinated for at least 1-2 hours, place it in a bowl leaving the remaining tofu marinade behind.Add two tablespoons of corn starch (for 14 ounces of tofu). Make sure all cubes are covered in corn starch. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and place the tofu cubes on top.Bake for 25 minutes, tossing halfway.&nbsp;
Serve over brown rice and sprinkle with chopped green onions. I also like to add a bit of sriracha on top.&nbsp;