Ingredients:
1/3 cup vegan butter, softened (at room temperature)
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 pinch salt
1/2 cup almond or soy milk
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons unsweetened apple sauce
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
nonstick cooking spray
1 cup vegan butter (such as Earth Balance, 2 sticks), softened (at room temparature)
3 cups powdered sugar
2 tablespoons canned full fat coconut milk
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
vegan sprinkles

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 350 °F and line a muffin form with 12 paper muffin paper liners.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the softened butter with the sugar and the salt and beat with an electric hand mixer until combined and fluffy. This should take about 2-3 minutes.
Then add the remaining ingredients. Beat until well combined. Make sure not to overmix the batter.
To prevent the cupcakes from sticking to the muffin liners, spray them with nonstick baking spray after you’ve placed them in the muffin tray. Then divide the batter evenly among the prepared muffin cups.
Bake at 350 °F for 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Transfer them to a cooling rack and let them cool down completely.
In the meantime, make the vanilla frosting. Place the softened vegan butter in a medium bowl and beat it with an electric hand mixer until creamy and smooth. This should take about 45 second to 1 minute.
Gradually add half of the powdered sugar and beat on low speed. Scrape down the sides of the bowl if needed. Add the canned coconut milk, the vanilla extract, and the remaining powdered sugar. Increase to medium-high speed and beat for about 30-45 seconds, until you’ve got a fluffy and smooth frosting. Make sure not to overbeat.
If your frosting is too thick, add more coconut milk (about 1 tablespoon). If it’s too thin for your liking, add extra powdered sugar until you reach your desired consistency (start with ¼ cup).
Use a piping bag to evenly divide the frosting on the cupcakes. Add some vegan sprinkles on top if you want.