Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked white rice or sushi rice
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1  avocado
1  cucumber
2  carrots
1 1/4 cups frozen edamame
3/4 cup vegan mayonnaise
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce
1 tablespoon fresh lime juice
1 pinch salt
sesame seeds
1  nori sheet
8 oz firm tofu, cubed
2 tablespoons corn starch
2 teaspoons soy sauce

Instructions:
Rinse the sushi rice in a fine mesh colander under cold water.
Either cook the rice in your Instant Pot or cook it on the stove top. If you are using an Instant Pot use the rice setting (low pressure for 12 minutes). Allow the pressure to release naturally. The rice should be tender and the water should be completely absorbed. If you are cooking it on the stove top, bring the rice with the water to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook for 20 minutes. I usually prefer to make sushi rice in my Instant Pot.
Combine the rice vinegar, the sugar, and the salt in a small bowl. Add the cooked rice to a large bowl and stir in the vinegar sugar mixture until well combined. Let it cool down and set aside for later. 
Drain the tofu and pat it dry with paper towel. Cut the tofu into cubes. Roll the tofu cubes in corn starch. 
Heat the sesame oil in a large pan and fry the tofu for about 4 minutes. Add one teaspoon of soy sauce and cook for another minute. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of sesame seeds. Put aside.
Use a vegetable peeler or spiralizer to cut the carrots into thin strips. You could also shred it. Slice the avocado and the cucumber. 
Make the sriracha mayonnaise. In a small bowl, combine all of the ingredients and stir well. 
Toast the nori: Heat the nori sheet in a large pan without oil over medium heat for about 5 minutes. Flip it after 2-3 minutes. It should be crispy enough to crumble easily with your hands. 
Assemble everything into two bowls. Start with the rice and top it with the carrots, cucumber, avocado, edamame, crumbled nori sheet, the tofu cubes, and a bit of the sriracha mayonnaise. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. 