Ingredients:
2 cups cooked brown lentils ((either use one can of lentils or cook them yourself))
2 cups cooked chickpeas  ((either use one can of lentils or cook them yourself))
2  onions, chopped
2  large cloves of garlic, minced
2 tablespoons ground flaxseeds
3/4 cup walnuts
1  large carrot, cut into small pieces
1 cup rolled oats
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1/3 cup + 1 tablespoon   unsweetened almond or soy milk
2 teaspoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoons dried oregano
2 teaspoons dried thyme
2 teaspoons dried rosemary
2 tablespoons fresh parsley
salt, to taste
black pepper, to taste
1/4 cup ketchup
1/4 cup tomato paste
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon  paprika powder
1 teaspoon vegan Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon maple syrup

Instructions:
Sauté the onion and garlic for about 2 minutes. Then add the chopped carrots and cook them for another 3 minutes.
Put about 6 tablespoons of the cooked lentils aside. Put all of the ingredients except for the spices into a blender or food processor and blend until you have a sticky but chunky mixture. It&#039;s very important that you make sure to not overdo it, so the vegan meatloaf will still have some texture.
Add the remaining lentils and season with thyme, oregano, salt, pepper, and fresh parsley. Preheat your oven to 350 F.
Place the mixture into a loaf pan lined with parchment paper. Make sure to let the parchment paper overlap the loaf pan, so it's easier to remove the lentil loaf once it's done.
Bake the vegan meatloaf for 30 minutes. In the meantime make the tomato glaze. Combine all ingredients in a small bowl and whisk well.
After the 30 minutes of baking time are over, take the vegan meatloaf out of the oven and evenly spread the tomato glaze on top. Then return it to the oven and bake it for another 15 minutes at 350 F.
Allow to cool in the pan for about 10 minutes. Then carefully lift it out with the parchment paper. Slice and sprinkle with freshly chopped parsley.