Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup almond flour
2 cups brown sugar
2 cups vanilla-flavored coconut or soy yogurt
2 tablespoons baking powder
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 cup vegan butter, melted
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
7 tablespoons canola oil
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
1 1/3 cups vegan butter, softened at room temperature (I used Earth Balance)
4 cups powdered sugar
2 1/2 tablespoons canned full fat coconut milk
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
vegan sprinkles (optional)

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 350 °F.
Grease three 8-inch cake pans with vegan butter and lightly dust with flour. Melt the vegan butter in a small pot.
In a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon. Pour the batter evenly into the prepared cake pans and bake for about 30-35 minutes. Use a toothpick to check if the cake is ready. Leave in the pan for 10 minutes. Then transfer it to a cooling rack to cool completely.
In the meantime, make the vanilla frosting. Place the softened vegan butter in a medium bowl and beat it with an electric hand mixer until creamy and smooth. This should take about 45 second to 1 minute. 
Gradually add half of the powdered sugar and beat on low speed. Scrape down the sides of the bowl if needed. 
Add the canned coconut milk, the vanilla extract, and the remaining powdered sugar. Increase to medium-high speed and beat for about 30-45 seconds, until you’ve got a fluffy and smooth frosting. Make sure not to overbeat. 
If your frosting is too thick, add more coconut milk (about 1 tablespoon). If it’s too thin for your liking, add extra powdered sugar until you reach your desired consistency (start with ¼ cup). 
When the cake has cooled completely, you can frost and decorate it. Place one of the three cake layers on a platter. Cover the top and the sides evenly with the frosting. Use a knife to carefully frost the sides. Then place the second cake on top and also cover the top and the sides with frosting. Place the third cake on top and spread the remaining frosting on the top and sides. Decorate with sprinkles. 