Ingredients:
14 oz firm tofu
1  onion, finely chopped
3  cloves of garlic, minced
3 tablespoons tomato paste
2  carrots, diced (medium size)
2  stalks of celery, diced (medium size)
1 1/2 cups button mushrooms, diced
1/4 cup red wine
3 cups diced tomatoes
1 cup vegetable broth
1 teaspoon vegan Worcestershire sauce  ((or soy sauce))
1 teaspoon dried oregano
2 teaspoons dried basil
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2  bay leaves
salt, to taste
black pepper, to taste
1 cup frozen peas
1/2 cup freshly chopped parsley, for garnish
2.5 lbs potatoes, cut into cubes (about 1 inch) ((for example Russet))
4 tablespoons vegan butter
1/2 cup unsweetened almond or soy milk
salt and black pepper, to taste
1 pinch nutmeg
cooking oil, to spray

Instructions:
Peel the potatoes and cut them into cubes (about 1 inch). Place them in a pot and cover with water. Cook for about 20 minutes or until the potatoes are soft. 
Crumble the tofu with your fingers (it should roughly have the size of peas) and put aside. Heat some oil (about 1 tablespoon olive oil) in a large pan. Add the crumbled tofu and cook for 5 minutes on high heat. Stir occasionally. 
Add the onion, stir, and cook for 3 more minutes. Then add the garlic and cook for another minute. 
Add the tomato paste and stir well so all tofu crumbles are covered. Cook for 2 minutes. 
Deglaze with the red wine and cook for 1 minute. Add the diced carrots, celery, and mushroom. Cook for 5 minutes (still on high heat). 
Add the diced tomatoes, the vegetable broth, the oregano, the basil, the bay leaves, and the vegan Worcestershire sauce. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for about 10-15 minutes, until the carrots are tender. Add the frozen peas 5 minutes before the cooking time ends. Discard the bay leaves and season with salt and pepper. 
Preheat the oven to 350 °F.
When the potatoes are cooked, mash them with a potato masher and add the almond milk and vegan butter. Add more if needed until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. 
Add the veggie tofu mince to a baking dish. Spread the mashed potatoes over the top. Make ridges in the mashed potatoes with a fork. This will make the top crispier. 
Spray the surface of the mashed potatoes with cooking oil. Place in the oven and bake uncovered for 25 minutes. Switch your oven to grill for the last 5 minutes, so the mashed potatoes brown nicely. Watch carefully, so the top doesn’t get too brown. 
Let the shepherd’s pie cool for 5 minutes. Then sprinkle it with freshly chopped parsley and enjoy! 