Ingredients:
1  onion, chopped
2  large cloves of garlic, minced
7 oz smoked tofu
3 teaspoons tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon paprika powder
1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika powder
1/4 teaspoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons nutritional yeast ((optional))
1/4 teaspoon liquid smoke
2 tablespoons olive oil
black pepper
1/2 teaspoon guar gum (for example Bob&#039;s Red Mill)
1 3/4 cups vegetable broth
1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes in oil, finely chopped
2 1/4  cups  vital wheat gluten

Instructions:
Heat some oil in a small pan. Add the onion andcook for 2 minutes. Then add the garlic and cook for another 1-2 minutes untilthe onion is translucent. Set aside.
Place all of the ingredients expect for theonion, the garlic, the sun-dried tomatoes, and the vital wheat gluten into afood processor and process until smooth.
Add the sauteed onion and garlic and the finelychopped sun-dried tomatoes to the pureed tofu mixture and stir well.
Then add the vital wheat gluten and knead thedough with your hands. Only knead it until everything is combined and the vitalwheat gluten is completely incorporated. You don’t want to knead it for toolong as the sausages will get very chewy.
Divide the dough into 8 equal-sized pieces.Shape each piece into a sausage. Then tightly wrap each sausage into two layersof aluminium foil. Twist the ends of the foil.
Add about 1 inch of water into a large pot witha steamer basket. Bring to boil. When the water is boiling, add the sausages tothe steamer basket and steam for 40 minutes.
When the 40 minutes are over, remove the sausagesand let them cool down completely in the aluminium foil. Then place them in thefridge until you’re ready to serve them. I recommend storing them in the fridgeovernight for the perfect texture.
When you’re ready to eat them, heat some oil ina griddle pan and pan-fry them until they’re crispy and browned on the outside.