Ingredients:
1 tsp oil
1 15 oz can chickpeas (drained or 1.5 cups cooked.)
1 to 1.5 Tbsp Shawarma spice blend (or use other spices or blend of choice like Ethiopian berbere or garam masala)
Salt to taste (depends on if the chickpeas were salted)
1  large sweet potato ( or 2 small sweet potatoes)
2 to 3 tsp oil
salt (pepper and cayenne to taste)
1/4 cup tahini
1 to 3 cloves of garlic
juice of a lemon
a generous pinch of sugar
1/2 tsp dried parsley
1/4 to 1/2 tsp salt or to taste
1 tsp Sriracha hot sauce (optional or use less)
Greens of choice (I used baby spinach)
1  zucchini (sliced thin)
other raw or roasted veggies

Instructions:
Make the Shawarma spiced Chickpeas: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add oil and move the skillet to coat. Add spices, chickpeas and salt and mix. Cover and cook for a minute. Add a tbsp or so of water, cover and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until dry.
To cook the Sweet potatoes in the skillet: Peel and slice the sweet potatoes to about 1/4 inch thick. Heat the skillet over medium-low heat. When the skillet is hot, add a spray of oil. Place sweet potato slices on the skillet. Cover and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Flip, cover and cook for another 2 to 4 minutes or until tender to preference. Transfer to a bowl. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and cayenne. Repeat for the rest of the slices. Use other spices or flavors of choice. I like cinnamon + cayenne, shawarma, za'atar or cumin+ coriander+allspice.
To roast the sweet potatoes in the oven: Pre-heat the oven to 400 degrees F / 200c. Peel and chop the sweet potato into large cubes. Toss with 2 to 3 tsp oil, salt, pepper and cayenne. Spread on parchment lined baking sheet. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes. ( You can toss the zucchini with salt and pepper and add to the tray in the last 10 minutes of baking with the sweet potatoes).
Make the tahini dressing: Blend everything until smooth. Use a few Tbsp water if needed. Taste and adjust salt, tang and spice.
Arrange the bowl as you like. Add greens of choice, Add roasted sweet potato, zucchini and spiced chickpeas. Drizzle with tahini dressing and serve.