Ingredients:
1 tsp oil
1/2  medium onion  (, chopped see step 1)
5 cloves of garlic  (chopped)
3/4 cup walnuts  (chopped)
1/2 cup carrots ( roughly chopped)
1/4 cup peas
3/4 to 1 tsp sage
3/4 tsp garam masala  (, (or 1/2 tsp garam masala and 1/4 tsp baharat (from Everyday Kitchen Book) for even more flavor))
a generous dash each of cinnamon (cardamom, nutmeg and black pepper)
1/4 tsp cayenne
1.5 cups cooked lentils (, I use brown lentils)
1/2 tsp salt or to taste divided
1 tsp soy sauce (use coconut aminos to make without soy)
1 to 2 tsp ketchup
3 tbsp chopped cilantro
water
3  Premade Naan or shaped Naan dough
Or 2 shaped pizza dough
vegan mozzarella (I used Miyoko's in the pictures (optional, use just sliced veggies))
cilantro, onion and pepper flakes for garnish

Instructions:
Process the onion and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add chopped onion and garlic , a good pinch of salt, and cook for 4 minutes or until golden.
Process walnuts and carrots in the same food processor until a coarse meal. Add to the skillet and cook for 3 mins
Add peas, cooked lentils, spices, sauces, and mix well and cook for 2 minutes. Add cilantro and a good splash of water and mix in. Cook for another minute if using over pizza (keep the mix wet-ish), and another 2-3 minutes to dry out to used as taco filling. Taste and adjust salt, flavor.
Spread the lentil mixture over shaped Naan dough or pizza dough or premade naan. Add some thinly sliced veggies like tomato, onion, peppers or jalapeno.&nbsp;If you bake them on a dough (i.e longer time), then do top the the mix with additional veggies as the lentils can tend to dry out.
Add dollops of vegan mozzarella or other cheese and bake to melt the cheese. 8 to 15 minutes depending on if are using premade naan or unbaked dough.
Garnish with chopped tomato, onion cilantro and serve. If mozz was omitted, use chutneys or creamy dressing of choice and serve. The lentil keema mix can be made ahead and used in various ways.&nbsp;