Ingredients:
1 tsp oil
4 cloves garlic (minced)
6-8 ounces spinach (chopped spinach, or thawed if frozen)
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper flakes
3/4 cup raw cashews (soaked in hot water for 15 mins, drain and use)
1 1/4 cup  broth(veggie stock) or water
2 tsp lemon juice
2 tbsp nutritional yeast
1 tsp Italian herbs such as thyme (oregano, basil)
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp Miso
1 tsp oil
1/2 cup sliced onion
1/2 cup thinly sliced mushrooms
1 clove garlic (minced)
1/8 tsp salt
1/8 tsp pepper
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
5-6  regular lasagna sheets broken into pieces, (or 8 no boil lasagna sheets, or use 2 cups dried pasta such as Farfalle )
2 cups water or broth

Instructions:
Add oil to a large skillet over medium heat, then add garlic and cook until the garlic is starting to turn golden, then add in the spinach, salt and pepper flakes, and mix well.
Once the spinach is wilted, take off heat, and remove the spinach from the skillet into a bowl. For frozen spinach, just cook until the excess the water has dried out, but the spinach still has a lot of vibrant color.
For the sauce, blend all of the ingredients until smooth then set aside. You can blend for a minute, then wait for 5 minutes, so that the blended cashews rehydrate, and then blend again, so that the mixture will be smooth.
For the Skillet Lasagna, heat oil in the same skillet, add the onion, mushroom, garlic, salt, and pepper, and cook until the onion is golden, 6-8 minutes. Stir occasionally in between.
Add in the balsamic vinegar, and mix in and cook for another 2 minutes. Then add your broken lasagna sheets, water or broth, and about 3/4 of the blended alfredo sauce (or reserve 2 tbsp and use the rest), and mix in. cover the skillet and cook for 12-14 minutes. Stir once in between so the sheets don’t stick to each other . If the mixture is thickening too much, add in 2-4 tbsp more water or broth.
Once the lasagna sheets are cooked to preference, reduce the heat to low medium. Taste and adjust salt and flavor.
Distribute the cooked garlic spinach all over the skillet, and drizzle the remaining alfredo sauce all over as well, then cover and cook for the two minutes, and take off heat.
Let the skillet sit for a few minutes for the alfredo sauce to thicken a bit more, then serve with some extra pepper flakes on top if you like, or some toasted bread crumbs.