Ingredients:
2 teaspoons  oil
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
2  bay leaves
1 cup thinly sliced onion
1/2 inch ginger minced
1/2  hot green chili minced
1/2 teaspoon paprika (Or Kashmiri red chili powder )
2 teaspoons ground coriander
1/4 cup non-dairy yogurt or use any non-dairy cream of choice
1/2 cup  tomato puree or unseasoned tomato sauce about 4 ounces
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup of water
1 teaspoon oil
2  garlic cloves thinly sliced
1/2 teaspoon dried fenugreek leaves
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
3 tablespoons raw cashews (you can also use roasted unsalted cashews)
1 1/2 cups of cauliflower florets
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1 cup chopped potatoes
1/2 to 1 cup of other vegetables of choice
1/4 teaspoon salt
cilantro and lemon juice for garnish

Instructions:
Make the sauce: Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is really hot, add in the cumin seeds and bay leaves and cook until the cumin seeds are very fragrant.
Then add in onion, a pinch of salt, and mix well and cook for 2 minutes then add in the ginger and chili and mix well and continue to cook until the onion is nearly golden brown.
Add in the paprika, ground coriander, and mix well.
Then add in yogurt and the tomato puree and salt and mix well. Bring to a good boil then add in the water. Mix well and set aside.
To make the vegetables: heat another skillet over medium-high heat. Add in 1 teaspoon of oil. Once hot, add in the garlic cloves, fenugreek leaves, and mix. Then cook until the garlic is just starting to turn golden.
Then quickly add in the ground cumin and cashews and mix well. Cook until the cashews start to turn golden. You want to stir frequently so that the garlic doesn&#39;t burn.
Add in the cauliflower, carrots, potatoes, and vegetables, and salt and mix well. Toss well to coat. Cook uncovered for 4-5 minutes.
Stir occasionally then cover the skillet, Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the vegetables are just about done.
Add in the sauce and mix well. Bring it to a boil. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. If you want saucier dish then add in  1/2 to 1 cup of non-dairy milk and bring to a boil then take off heat. Add quick cooking veggies if using, such as peas now.
Taste and adjust flavor. Fish out the bag leaves. Top with cilantro, pepper flakes if you like, and lemon juice, and serve with roti, naan , or rice.