Ingredients:
3 - 4   russet potatoes
2 teaspoons  oil
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
3/4 cup raw cashews
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1 clove of garlic
2 teaspoons lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1/2 teaspoon ground dry mustard  (or 1/2 teaspoon of stoneground mustard)
1 cup water
1 teaspoon flour (use corn starch or tapioca starch for gluten-free)
generous dash of black pepper
7 ounces of firm or extra firm tofu pressed for 15 minutes
1 1/2 tablespoons of soy sauce
2 teaspoons oil
1 1/2 teaspoons of smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon of sugar or maple syrup
A few drops of liquid smoke (optional)

Instructions:
To make potatoes, slice the potatoes into the wedge size that you want and add to a large saucepan filled with water.
Bring to a boil. Then continue to boil for 3-4 minutes or until the potatoes are just starting to get soft. Drain and pat well to dry for a few minutes.
Then toss the potatoes with oil, salt, and pepper. Spread them on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
For tofu bacony bits: slice up the tofu into small cubes then add the rest of the ingredients to the tofu bowl and toss well to coat.
Spread these tofu cubes on another parchment lined baking sheet or a different parchment paper on the same baking sheet with your potatoes.  Tofu might get cooked faster than the potatoes, so use a separate sheet. Spread it in an even single layer.
Put it in the oven at 425 degrees Fahrenheit (220 c) . Check after 15 minutes if the tofu is starting to get crisp on the edges. Move the tofu around so that the tofu can crisp evenly .
Remove the tofu once it's crispy depending on your oven. It might be done at 25 minutes or 30 minutes.
Remove the potatoes when they are getting brown on some edges. That might take another 5-10 minutes.
Make your cheese sauce by blending all of the ingredients until smooth. Transfer this cheese mixture into a saucepan over medium heat and cook it until the mixture has thickened evenly.
You want to keep stirring it frequently because it will start to clump at the bottom.
Once thickened, remove from heat. Serve the fries topped with the cheese sauce, tofu bacony bits, and green onion, and some black pepper if you like.