Ingredients:
1/2 cup sunflower seeds or pepitas or heaping 1/2 cup nuts such as walnuts or pecans if you are ok with nuts.
1 tsp coriander seeds
1/4 tsp fennel seeds (optional)
1 tsp oil
1  large onion
1  hot green chile (finely chopped or 2 tbsp green bell pepper)
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
1.5 tsp old bay seasoning + 1/2 tsp garlic powder + 1/2 tsp oregano
1 cup cooked brown or white rice (I prefer white in these patties)
15 oz can black beans drained well (or 1.5 cups cooked)
3/4 tsp salt (more or less depending on if the beans and rice are salted)
1 tbsp lemon juice
2 to 3 tbsp bbq sauce
1.5 tbsp flax seed meal
1/4 cup breadcrumbs (use gluten-free if needed)
2 tbsp or more flour (use rice flour or chickpea flour for gluten-free)
tomato slices (onion slices)
sprouts or baby greens
bbq sauce (mustard, ketchup etc)

Instructions:
Toast the seeds on a skillet over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir occasionally to avoid burning. Add the coriander seeds and fennel seeds after 2 mins of toasting and mix in. Take off heat and set aside to cool.
Make the smoky caramelized onions: Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion , green chile, 1/4 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp sugar. Cook for 5 minutes. Stirring occasionally. Add 1/2 tsp smoked paprika and mix. cook for a minute. Add a good splash of water and continue to cook for another 3 to 4 mins. then use.
In a food processor, add the seeds and spices. Add the seasoning, garlic and cayenne if using for additional heat and process until coarse meal.
Add the rice and 1 cup of black beans, salt, 3 - 4 tbsp of the smoky caramelized onions, lemon juice, flaxmeal, bbq sauce. Process until most of the beans have broke down.
Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Mix in the breadrumbs, flour, remaining black beans. Taste and adjust salt, heat and seasoning. Add more is needed and mix in. Add more flour if needed. I usually add some cayenne if using old bay seasoning. Chill for 10 minutes in the fridge.
Shape into patties using a cookie cutter (press mixture into a cookie cutter until packed. Tap to release. Even out the top). Heat up the grill over medium heat. When hot, grill for 3 to 5 mins per side. Or pan fry in a skillet over medium heat with a little oil.
Dress with the smoky caramelized onion, tomato slices, bbq sauce or ketchup and mustard, or vegan ranch.