Ingredients:
2/3 cup bread flour + 1/4 more for kneading (dusting)
1/2 cup whole wheat flour ((Use bread flour for totally white and even squishier buns))
3 Tablespoons sprouted quinoa ((can be substituted with cooked quinoa or left out or use any other sprouted grain))
1 teaspoon raw sugar or equivalent jaggery/agave/maple syrup or other sweeteners.
1.5 teaspoons quick rise yeast
1/4 cup water
2 Tablespoons Virgin olive oil
3/4 teaspoon salt or to taste
1  roma tomato or any juicy medium tomato
1/2 teaspoon dried basil flakes

Instructions:
Add the yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar to 2 Tablespoons warm water and mix well. Let stand for 10 minutes or until frothy.
Puree the tomato, salt, oil and the sprouted quinoa into a well blended puree.
Add in the flours, basil to the yeast mixture and mix.
Add in the tomato puree and give a mix for a few seconds.
Knead the dough for 4-5 minutes by hand or in mixer, scraping sides every 2 minutes if using a stand mixer. add more bread flour or water in little quantities if needed to get a soft dough.
Place dough in greased container, spritz top with water and then with oil. Cover with a towel and let rise for an hour. You can refrigerate the dough at this point for upto 2 days.
If refrigerated, then let dough rest outside for an hour to reach normal temperature.
Divide dough into 3-4 balls depending on size of flat bread you want. (Or you can shape it into a loaf, place in mini loaf pan, let rise for 30 minutes and bake at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes.)
Form balls, and roll out on well floured surface. I made 5 inch rounds, nicely thick flat breads to use as buns for our portabello sandwiches.
Heat a grill pan to high heat and grill the flat breads when the pan is hot, 2-3 minutes each side. Use thick bottomed pan or grill pan, well heated on high heat. Or bake in oven preheated to 450 degrees F, on hot pizza stone, like a Pita bread.
Cut up the flat bread into triangles and dip in some herbed olive oil or enjoy as is. or use for your favorite burger/sandwich! Have a fun day!