Ingredients:
1 recipe Naan Dough
1 tsp oil
1/3 to 1/2 tsp cumin seeds
1/2 cup red onion
1  hot green chili
2 cloves of garlic minced
1/2 tsp paprika
1/2 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp mustard powder  (or garam masala)
1/2 tsp turmeric powder
1/4 to 1/2 tsp cayenne
1/8 tsp kala namak/Indian black salt for the eggy taste (optional)
1  medium tomato chopped small
1 Tbsp water
2 tsp nutritional yeast (optional)
14 oz pack firm Tofu (crumbled. I use Nasoya organic non gmo)
1/3 cup green peas (thawed if frozen)
1/4 to 1/2 tsp salt (to taste)
a very generous dash of black pepper
lemon juice and cilantro for garnish
Vegan cheese shreds
nigella seeds and vegan butter as needed for the calzones

Instructions:
Preprare the Naan dough and let it sit to rise for an hour.
Tofu Pea Scramble:Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add cumin seeeds and cook for a minute or until they change color. Add onions, chili and garlic and cook until just about translucent. 3-4 minutes.
Add spices and mix well. Add tomato, water and nutritional yeast, mix and cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until tomatoes are saucy.
Mash/crumble the tofu with hands or chop small and add to the pan. Add the peas. Mix well, cover and cook for 5 minutes. If the scramble begins to stick, deglaze with a Tbsp of water. I don’t press the Tofu before use, so usually there is enough moisture to prevent sticking.
Taste and adjust salt and spice. Lower the heat to low-medium and cook for another 3-5 minutes.
Sprinkle black pepper, lemon juice and cilantro(optional) and keep aside to cool.
Make Calzones: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F / 200c. Divide the dough into 7 to 8 pieces. Roll each piece into a circle.
Place tofu and pea scramble on half the circle. Add vegan cheese shreds of choice. Drizzle a little bbq sauce or sriracha or mango chutney other sauce of choice (optional). Fold the other half over to form a half moon and seal with a fork. Shape all the calzones and place on parchment lined baking sheet.
Spray water generously on the calzones. Sprinkle nigella seeds and press in.Let them sit for 5 to 10 minutes.
Bake for 11 to 14 minutes or until golden. Brush melted vegan butter and serve with marinara, mango chutney or other sauce/dip of choice.