Ingredients:
3/4 cup uncooked brown chickpeas (optionally soaked for 4 hours)
2 cups water
1/2 cup shredded coconut (fresh(thawed if frozen) or dried + more for garnish)
1 tsp oil
1/2 tsp mustard seeds
6  curry leaves (optional)
a good pinch of asafetida / hing (optional, use certified gluten-free if needed)
1/2  medium onion (finely chopped)
4 cloves of garlic (finely chopped)
1 tbsp finely chopped ginger
2 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp ground fennel
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp cardamom
1/4 tsp cloves
1/3 to 1/2 tsp cayenne
1/2 tsp turmeric
2   tomatoes (chopped)
3/4 tsp or more salt
1 tsp oil
1/4 tsp mustard seeds
2  dried red chilies

Instructions:
Bring the brown chickpeas to a boil in 1 cup of water. Discard the water.
Pressure Cook: Pressure cook the chickpeas with 2 cups of water for 20 minutes in stove top cooker, Or 30 -35 minutes in electric (Manual 30 minutes in the Instant Pot). Let the pressure release naturally.
Heat a small skillet over medium heat. Add coconut and toast for 2 to 3 minutes until golden. Stir occasionally to avoid burning. Blend with 2 tbsp of water until most of the coconut breaks down and set aside.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. When hot, add mustard seeds and let them start to sputter. Add curry leaves and asafetida and cook for few seconds. They will sputter, so be careful.
Add the onion, garlic, ginger and cook until translucent.
Add the ground spices and mix well. for half a min. Add tomatoes and a splash of water and cook until the tomatoes are tender. 5 minutes. Mash the larger pieces.
Add this mixture, salt and the coconut paste to the brown chickpeas (or vice versa depending on the pan size) and simmer over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Taste and adjust salt and heat. Add more water if needed.
Garnish with coconut. I also usually add a fresh tempering before serving. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add 1/4 tsp mustard seeds and 2 chilies and cook for a few seconds. The seeds will start to pop. Drizzle this over the chickpea curry. Serve over rice, cooked grains or with flatbread, appams, dosas etc.
To make the Chickpea Curry in a saucepan: Soak the brown chickpeas for at least 4 hours in warm water. Drain and add to a saucepan with 3 cups of water. Partially cover and cook over medium heat for 35 to 45 minutes or until tender to preference. Make the Curry mixture and add to the simmering chickpeas and continue.