Ingredients:
1 cup chopped onion
3 cloves of garlic (, finely chopped)
4 oz mushroom (, thinly sliced or chopped)
1/4 cup flour ((all purpose, Use 2 tbsp rice flour + 2 tbsp tapioca starch for gluten-free))
2  bay leaves
1 tsp dried rosemary
1/2 tsp salt
2 cups veggie broth
2.5 cups veggies (, frozen veggies or chopped veggies such as green beans, corn, carrots, peas, zucchini, potatoes etc)
3/4 cup all purpose flour or a mix of all purpose and wheat flour
1/4 cup almond flour (or ground cashews)
1 1/4 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
2 tsp nutritional yeast
2 tsp dried herbs such as oregano (,rosemary, basil)
1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper ( and more for garnish)
3/4 cup chilled non dairy milk (such as almond milk,light coconut milk or soy milk)

Instructions:
Pot Pie Filling: Heat a saucepan over medium heat. Add 2 tbsp broth or 1 tsp oil. Add onion, garlic and a good pinch of salt and cook until translucent , 4 to 6 mins. Add mushrooms and mix in and cook for 3 mins.
Add in the bay leaves, herbs, salt and mix in. Add the flour and mix in. Add in 1/2 cup broth and mix in until there are no lumps, then add the rest of the broth. Stir well to combine. Bring to a boil. Add the veggies and mix in and continue to cook for 4 to 6 minutes. If the mixture is not thick to preference, mix in 1 tbsp flour in 2 tbsp broth and add to the saucepan and bring to a boil again. The mixture thickens on cooling, so you just want slightly thick filling.
Transfer the mixture to a 9 by 9 inch baking dish. Remove the bay leaves. Let it cool for 10 mins. Meanwhile prepare the biscuit topping. Preheat the oven to 435 deg F (225 C)
Biscuit Topping: Add flour, almond flour, baking powder, salt, nutritional yeast, herbs and black pepper in a bowl. Mix well.
Add 1/2 cup chilled non dairy milk and mix in. Add 1 tbsp milk at a time to make a soft sticky dough. Let it sit for 5 mins, then add spoonfuls of the mixture on top of the pot pie filling.
Bake at 435 deg F for 17 to 20 mins or until the topping is golden. Garnish with fresh herbs and freshly ground black pepper. Let it sit for 5 mins then serve.Make Ahead: Make the pot pie filling ahead and refrigerate for upto 2 days. Then add biscuit topping mixture, puff pastry biscuits or crust of choice and bake. Store: Store the baked Pot pie for upto 2 days in the refrigerator.