Ingredients:
15 oz great northern beans like Eden Organic (or other white beans, or 1.5 cups cooked)
1/2 cup oats
3/4 cup spinach
5 to 6  artichoke hearts (I used canned)
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 to 1/2 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp cayenne
4 cloves of garlic
1/3 cup chopped white or red onion
2 Tbsp flax seed meal or Chia Seeds (I used 1 Tbsp flax and 1 Tbsp chia)
1 tsp italian herb blend
1/2 tsp onion powder
1/4 tsp cumin powder
2 tsp prepared mustard
2 tsp olive oil
2 tsp lemon juice
2 Tbsp nutritional yeast
3/4 cup small cauliflower florets
1/3 cup chopped carrots
1/4 cup cashews or use seeds to make nut-free
1/4 cup breadcrumbs  (or oat flour or chickpea flour)

Instructions:
In a food processor, process all the ingredients from beans till cumin powder until most of the beans are mashed. Move to a bowl. Add mustard, olive oil, lemon juice and nutritional yeast and mix.
In the processor, process cauliflower, carrots and cashews until crumbs. Add to the bowl and mix well.
Add breadcrumbs and mix. Use less or more crumbs/flour to get a soft and not too wet, but also not crumbly mixture. Shape into patties by packing into a 3.5 inch cookie cutter. Place on parchment lined sheet.
options to cook the patties.
freeze and grill. Freeze patties for 15 minutes. Spray oil on the patties. The patties get well set when chilled. Grill frozen patties for 3 to 4 minutes each side.
Par-bake and grill. Bake the patties for 20 minutes at pre-heated 400 degree F / 200ºc. Grill the par-baked patties also for 3 to 4 minutes each side. Refrigerate until ready to grill, if grilling later.
Bake the patties: Bake at pre-heated 400 degrees F / 200ºc for 20 minutes, then flip the patties and bake for 10-15 minutes.
I served these with Tahini sauce, cucumbers, sriracha and tomato. Some caramelized onions, spicy chipotle ranch/mayo sauce, vegan cheese slices, pickles, ketchup, mustard etc would work beautifully as well. For Chipotle Ranch, add chipotle pepper powder to taste to this ranch sauce.
For Variations: Use other beans, add vegan cheese shreds to the patties, add a chipotle pepper and adobo sauce in the first step.