Ingredients:
1  small onion
5 cloves of garlic
1/3 cup walnuts
2 tbsp flaxmeal ( mixed with 1/4 cup water)
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp pesto or a handful of basil
15 oz chickpeas (, 15 oz can or 1.5 cups cooked)
1 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp parsley
1/2 tsp salt (, less or more depending on the chickpeas)
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes
2 tbsp nutritional yeast
1/4 cup breadcrumbs
2 cups basil (or basil + parsley/other greens (packed lightly))
2 cloves of garlic
2 tbsp walnuts or cashews or toasted sun flower seeds (, less or more to preference)
1 tbsp nutritional yeast   ((use 1/2 tsp ground mustard and 1/2 tsp miso to sub))
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp lemon juice
1/4 tsp salt
water as needed (, a few tbsp)
8 to 9 oz spaghetti
black pepper (pepper flakes for garnish)

Instructions:
Make your pesto by blending the basil, garlic, nuts, nutritional yeast in a small food processor or blender until minced. Add the salt, lemon, oil and pulse. Add water to make desired consistency. Taste and adjust flavor with more lemon, salt, nutritional yeast or basil. Pesto can be made ahead and stored in the fridge for upto 3 days or frozen in ice cubes for a month.
Chickpea Balls: Heat 1/2 tsp oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until translucent
Pulse the nuts in a food processor until a coarse meal. Add the onion mixture and the rest of the ingredients and pulse to combine. &nbsp;I usually use the same food processor that I used for pesto. no need to clean as we add pesto to the balls as well.&nbsp;
Transfer chickpea mixture to a bowl. Add breadcrumbs and mix in. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. (Add some poultry seasoning or more herbs if needed). Chill for 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Make balls of the mixture or use an ice cream scoop and place on parchment lined sheet. 1 to 1.5 inch balls (16 to 18 balls). Bake at 425 degrees F for 25 minutes or until golden.
Cook the spaghetti according to instructions on the package.
Toss in the pesto. Serve with meatballs a very good dash black pepper and red pepper flakes and additional lemon if needed.