Ingredients:
1 cup unsweetened soy milk
1 packet instant yeast ( 2 1/4 tsp)
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce
6 tablespoons vegan butter, softened to room temperature
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 cups all purpose flour, plus more as needed
vegetable oil, for frying
8 ounces seedless raspberry jelly, or other jelly
powdered sugar, for dusting OR granulated sugar for rolling in

Instructions:
Microwave the soy milk for about 1 minute if refrigerated, so that it&#039;s as warm as bath water. You don&#039;t want it to boil, so watch closely. If you don&#039;t have a microwave, warm it in a small pan.
In a large bowl, or the bowl of a stand mixer, stir together the warm soy milk, yeast and sugar. Let the mixture sit for 3-4 minutes, until it&#039;s a bit frothy.
To the bowl with the yeast mixture, add the applesauce, softened vegan butter, vanilla, salt and 2 cups of flour. Mix on low speed with a dough hook, or by hand with a large wooden spoon, for a few minutes, then add the rest of the flour and continue to mix.
If using a stand mixer, beat with the dough hook for about 2-3 minutes. If you are making them by hand, mix it as well as you can with a spoon, then transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead the dough for about 5 minutes until you have a nice soft ball of dough.
Lightly grease a large bowl (I use non-stick spray) then place the dough in the bowl. Cover with a clean kitchen towel, then allow to rise in a warm place for 30 minutes. I preheat my oven to 170℉, then turn it off and place the bowl inside with the door cracked.
After 30 minutes, punch the dough down. Place it on a lightly floured surface and roll it about 1/2 inch thick. Use a donut cutter or a large biscuit cutter to cut the donuts. You should get about 16-18.
Line a large baking sheet or two with parchment paper, and place the cut donuts on the pans. Cover with a large towel for about 15 minutes while you heat the oil.
Heat 2-3 inches of oil in a large pan or pot until it reaches 375℉. I highly suggest using a thermometer so you get this just right.
Add a few donuts at a time to the oil and cook for about 1-2 minutes on each side, until golden brown, being careful not to let them get too dark and burnt. If the oil is hot, this won&#039;t take long. Be careful of hot oil!
Place the cooked donuts on a cooling rack with a pan or parchment paper underneath to catch any oil drippings. Repeat until all donuts are fried.
Cut a deep slit into the side of each donut, then use a piping bag with tip to pipe jelly into each one. Dust the tops with powdered sugar or roll in granulated sugar. Serve and enjoy!