Ingredients:
1 tsp cumin seeds
1/4 tsp each of mustard seeds
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
8 oz tofu (, pressed and cubed)
1 tsp oil
1  small onion finely chopped
6 cloves of garlic
1 inch of ginger  (or 1 tbsp minced)
1  hot green chile (, seeds removed to reduce heat, or 1/4 of a green bell pepper)
1 tsp coriander powder
1/2 tsp paprika
1/2 tsp turmeric
2  large tomatoes or 1.5 cups canned
3/4 tsp salt
1 tsp sugar or maple
1/2 cup non dairy yogurt  (or use vegan sour cream or cashew cream made with 1/3 cup cashews blended with 1/2 cup water)
1/2 cup water
2 cups vegetables such as thinly sliced bell pepper (, broccoli (small florets), peas, zucchini)
1/4 tsp nigella seeds (optional for garnish, cilantro for garnish)

Instructions:
Heat the spices (except red pepper flakes) on a skillet over medium heat until toasted or until fennel seeds start to change color. Mix in the pepper flakes and take off heat. Pulse once in a blender or use a mortar and pestle to break some of the spices. Reserve 1/2 tsp of the mix for garnish.
Prep the tofu. You can use just pressed tofu, or&nbsp;crisped in oil for a few mins, or baked with spices like my Butter tofu.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and a pinch of salt and cook until golden. Pulse the garlic, ginger and chile in a blender with a tbsp of water to make a paste. Add the paste to the onion skillet. Alternatively, mince them and add to the onion.
Cook for a minute. Add the Achari spice mix(from step 1), coriander, turmeric&nbsp; and mix in. Cook for another minute.
In the same blender blend the tomatoes until smooth and add to the skillet. Alternatively use chopped tomatoes.
Cook until the tomato mixture is well roasted. Add salt, sugar and non dairy yogurt and mix in.
Add water, tofu, veggies (except broccoli) and mix in. Cover and cook for 10 minutes. Taste and adjust salt, flavor and heat. [Add some garam masala for added flavor if needed or add 1-2 tsp mango pickle minus the mango at this point add some esp if omitting some of the spices or for some more flavor burst)]. Add broccoli and mix in. Reduce heat to medium low, Cover and cook for 3 minutes so broccoli is well steamed but not mushy. Uncover and cook for another minute to reduce sauce if needed. Take off heat.&nbsp;
Garnish with the reserved achari spices, more nigella seeds (and some cayenne for additional heat) and cilantro. Serve with flatbread or with rice or grains.