Ingredients:
2  large Portobello mushrooms (or 3 medium, cleaned with a damp cloth)
3 cloves garlic ( minced)
2 tbsp balsamic vinegar
1 tsp extra virgin olive oil
3/4 tsp smoked paprika
2 tsp vegan Worcestershire sauce or use soy sauce ((tamari to make glutenfree))
2 tsp lemon juice
1 tbsp white wine  (or use a tsp white wine vinegar or omit)
a generous dash of salt and pepper
1 tsp oil
1  medium onion (finely chopped)
5 cloves of garlic (minced)
1/4 cup raw cashews ( (soaked in hot water for 15 minutes if needed))
1 tbsp arrowroot starch or use flour
1.5 cups water
1 tbsp lemon juice
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp nutritional yeast (optional, if you like the gravy cheesier, use more)
1 to 2 tbsp white wine
1/2 tsp or more salt
chopped fresh basil and black pepper to taste for garnish

Instructions:
In a shallow dish, mix all the ingredients under marinade.&nbsp;Place the portobello mushrooms in the dish and brush the marinade all over, Let it marinade for 10 to 15 minutes.
Heat a grill or a heavy bottom pan over medium heat. Spray or brush oil on the pan. When hot, place the mushrooms on the pan, partially cover and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side. If the the mushrooms are thin, they will cook through in the time. If they are thick, transfer to the oven and bake at 400 degrees F for 15 minutes or until a knife goes through easily. To Bake the marinated mushrooms without grill step, bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the shallow dish.
Make the sauce: Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and pinch of salt and cook until translucent.
Transfer half of the mixture to a blender. Add the rest of the ingredients and blend until smooth. Blend a couple of times of 1 minute cycles so the cashews blend in.
Pour the blended mixture into the skillet with the remaining onion garlic and cook over medium heat until thickened. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Add a dash of thyme and a tsp of vegan worcestershire or soy sauce for additional flavor if needed.&nbsp;
Serve the mushrooms drizzled generously with the creamy sauce, fresh basil (adds great flavor) and black pepper.&nbsp;