Ingredients:
2 tsp oil (or 1/4 cup broth)
1/2  white onion chopped
4 cloves of garlic chopped
10 oz sliced mushrooms (, white, cremini, portabella or mixed)
1/2 tsp dried thyme
1/2 tsp onion powder
1 tbsp chopped fresh sage
1/4 tsp pumpkin pie spice or cinnamon (, optional)
1/4 tsp white pepper
1/2 tsp salt (less or more depending on if you use water or unsalted/salted broth)
1/3 cup white wine ((or omit))
3/4 cup pumpkin puree (, see notes for alternatives)
2 1/4 cups water or veggie broth or mushroom broth (, add some dried mushroom mix powder for additional flavor)
1 cup wild rice brown rice blend
1/4 cup non dairy cream or cashew milk
vegan butter (, vegan parm, fresh sage for garnish)
16 oz cubed pumpkin (,butternut squash, winter squash or sweet potato)
2 tsp oil (or aquafaba for oil-free)
1 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp dried rosemary or 1 tbsp fresh
black pepper to taste
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp garlic powder

Instructions:
Select Saute on the Instant Pot. Once hot, add oil or broth. Add onion, garlic and a good pinch of salt and mix and cook for 2 mins.
Add the mushrooms and mix in. Cook for 3 mins. Add the herbs and white pepper and mix in. Add wine and continue to cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add salt, pumpkin puree/mash, water or broth, and mix well. Add the rice and mix in.
Cancel saute, close the lid, and Pressure cook for 23 mins(high pressure). For Arborio rice, use 2 cups broth and pressure cook for 6 mins.
Let the pressure release naturally. Open the lid, Add in cashew milk or non dairy cream and mix in. Taste and adjust salt and flavor if needed. Add some extra virgin olive oil and vegan parmesan or nutritional yeast.
Serve garnished with fresh or crisped(in oil) sage and a good dash of black pepper with roasted butternut, pumpkin or sweet potato. Serve with a side salad, garlic bread and other sides.
Roasted Squash: Toss the cubed pumpkin, butternut squash or sweet potato with oil. Then sprinkle in the herbs and spices. Toss well to coat. Spread on parchment lined baking sheet and bake at 400 deg F (205 C) for 30 mins or until tender to preference.
Stove top: Follow steps 1,2,3 in a large saucepan over medium heat. Reserve half of the mushrooms to mix in later. Add salt, pumpkin, 4 cups broth and mix in. Bring to a boil. Add the wild rice blend and mix in. Cook partially covered for  50 mins or until rice is cooked through. Taste and adjust, Take off heat. Stir in cashew milk, vegan parm. Garnish with the reserved mushrooms and roasted squash.