Ingredients:
15 oz can of lentils (drained or 1.5 cups cooked)
1/4 cup finely chopped onions
2 cloves garlic  (finely chopped)
1/3 cup chopped walnuts or pecans (finely chopped)
2-3 teaspoons Italian herbs  (or use 1/2 teaspoon each of thyme, ground sage rosemary and oregano)
1 tsp smoked paprika
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp onion powder
1/2 -3/4 tsp salt  (depending on whether the breadcrumbs and lentils are already salted or not)
1 tbsp ketchup
2 tsp soy sauce (or tamari )
2 tsp flax seed meal (mixed with 1.5 tbsp water)
1/3 - 1/2 cup breadcrumbs
1/4 cup ketchup
2 tsp maple syrup
2 tsp balsamic vinegar
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 cup chopped celery
1/2 cup chopped mushrooms
2 cups cubed toasted bread (the cubes should be really small)
2 tbsp vegan butter melted (or oil )
1/2 tsp thyme
1/2 tsp dried basil
1/2 tsp dried sage
1/2 tsp rosemary
1/2 tsp salt + dash of black pepper
broth or water as needed
2 cups peeled cubed sweet potato or use butternut squash or other winter squash
2 tsp oil
1/3 tsp salt
1 tbsp maple syrup
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1/2 tsp rosemary
1/8 tsp black pepper
2 cups green beans chopped to about 2/3 inches
1/2 cup chopped mushrooms
1/4 cup chopped onions
1/3 tsp salt
dash of pepper
1/2 tsp thyme
2 tsp Oil as needed

Instructions:
Grease a large greased baking sheet really well
Sweet Potatoes: In a bowl mix all the ingredients listed under sweet potatoes until combined. Transfer to the middle of the baking sheet.
Stuffing: On one side mix the onions, celery, and mushrooms for the stuffing with 1 tbsp oil/ butter, dash of salt, and black pepper and spread it out evenly.
Green Beans: On the other side of the baking sheet mix the onions and mushrooms with a good dash of salt and 1 tsp oil (but dont add the beans yet)
Lentil Loaf: In a bowl (reuse the bowl you used for the sweet potatoes) add all of the ingredients besides breadcrumbs for the lentil loaf and mix really well. Mash at least 1/3 of the mixture really well and add in 1/3 cup of breadcrumbs and mix in. If the mixture is really wet add in more breadcrumbs. I also add a tbsp of flour or oats depending on the texture and how much water the lentils brought into the mix.
Mix really well and shape into 2 small loaves which you place on the sheet pan. Brush the loaves with oil. Put the sheet pan into the oven and bake for 25 min at 400F(204 C). After 20 minutes move the mushroom celery mixture around a little bit and bake for another 5 minutes. Remove the sheet pan
Sweet potatoes should be done by now, move them off the sheet pan. Toss in the green beans into the mushroom onion mixture adding in more thyme salt and pepper and a tbsp of oil and toss well to coat. Corner them into one side of the sheetpan. Add your breadcrumbs or chopped toasted bread to the stuffing mixture and all the herbs. add salt, vegan butter and pepper and mix. Even it out on that side of the sheet pan.
Take about 1/4 cup of the broth and sprinkle over all the stuffing until wet to preference. Cover that portion with foil.
Make your glaze for the lentil loaves and brush liberally on the lentil loaves. Put the sheetpan back into the oven for 15 minutes. Remove sheetpan and check if beans are done. The lentil loaves should be done by now, remove them from the pan using a spatula.
If the stuffing is done, transfer it off the sheet pan as well or continue to bake beans and stuffing for another 5 minutes. Or bake just the green beans, until they are cooked to preference. Serbe witb my skillet gravy - drizzle the whole dinner liberally. The green beans with gravy can be topped with some crispy onions for a green bean casserole like side! 