Ingredients:
1 tsp oil (, or use water)
2 cloves garlic minced
2 cups packed, finely chopped greens such as chard (spinach, baby kale)
salt and pepper to taste
1.5 cups or more Sprouted lentils ((see note on how to Sprout), or use cooked lentils or beans of choice)
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/4 tsp or more cayenne
1/2 tsp salt  (or to taste)
lemon juice to taste
2 tsp oil
1  large sweet potato (, cubed into 1/2 to 3/4 inch pieces)
2  large carrots sliced into thick slices
1 cup other veggies
2 to 3 tsp cajun spice blend  (or use garam masala, berbere or shawarma)
1/2 tsp salt (, depends on if the spice blend already has salt or not.)
1 Recipe tahini dill dressing  (or tahini garlic dressing or vegan ranch from my Everyday Kitchen book.)

Instructions:
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. add garlic and cook until translucent. Add the greens salt and pepper, cover and cook to lightly wilt. Transfer to a bowl.
Heat the same skillet over medium heat. When the skillet is hot, combine the sprouted lentils with spices and lemon juice. Mix well. over and cook for 3 to 4 minutes to take a bit of crunch out of the lentils.
In a large bowl, add sweet potato, carrots and other veggies if using. Add oil and mix. Add the spices, salt and mix to combine.&nbsp; Spread over parchment lined baking sheet and bake at 400 degrees F for 20 to 25 minutes.
Alternatively, Spread oil on a skillet over medium heat. Add the carrots, cover and cook until al dente and slightly seared, remove from pan. Add the sweet potatoes, a good splash of water, cover and cook until sweet potato is tender to preference, Repeat for any other vegetable you are using. Sprinkle cajun spice and salt on the cooked veggies and toss.
Assemble the bowl with garlicky greens, lentils, roasted veggies. Add more cajun spice if you wish. Add a good drizzle of the tahini dressing or use other dressing such as vegan ranch or hummus thinned out with water.
Serve warm or cold. To store, store the components separately, so you can warm some components if needed. This bowl can also be made into wraps or tacos. For a taco filling, add some chili powder to the lentils with the spices.&nbsp;