Ingredients:
3/4 cup non dairy milk ((warmed to just about warm to touch))
2 tsp active yeast
3/4 cup sweet potato puree ((canned or boiled, steamed sweet potato that has been mashed/pureed well))
2 tbsp oil ((optional), see tips section for no oil)
3 cups of flour
3/4 to 1 tsp salt
1 to 2 tbsp dried herbs  ((thyme, rosemary, chives or a combination, or 2 tbsp fresh herbs))
Oil ((or vegan butter for brushing))

Instructions:
Mix the yeast and warmed non dairy milk and let sit for 5 mins
Add the sweet potato puree and 1/2 cup of flour and mix in, whisk until no lumps.&nbsp;Cover and let sit for at least 30 mins.
Add oil, 2 cups of flour*, salt and herbs. Lightly mix the salt and herbs into the flour before mixing into the wet. (Start with 1.5 cups if your sweet potato puree/mash is less moist or if using more whole grain flours)&nbsp;
Add flour 1/4 cup at a time and make a lightly sticky dough. If you you work it too much with your hands it will get stickier. You just want a cohesive lightly sticky state.
Cover and let rise until doubled in size, 45 mins or longer. (You can shape the dough into rolls after 15 mins of rising and freeze them to bake later. To bake, let the frozen rolls thaw and rise in a warm oven (about 3 hours). Bake once they have risen to about double)
Divide the dough into 8 or 10 equal parts. shape into rolls, by rolling between your hands and pulling on the sides (see video). Place in a greased/parchment lined stoneware pan or cast iron skillet.
Brush the tops with oil, then let rise for 20-25 mins until almost doubled. Meanwhile preheat the oven to 385 degrees F (200 C).
Bake at 385 deg F for 21-22 min. Remove from the oven and Brush with vegan butter or oil and serve. (You can also freeze baked rolls. Cool completely, wrap in foil and freeze. To reheat, thaw for a few hours, then bake at 300 F for 10-12 mins).To make these into sweet rolls. Omit the herbs, use 3/4 tsp salt, add 4 tbsp sugar or sweetener with the sweet potato puree. Add 1 tsp spices like cinnamon or pumpkin pie spice.