Ingredients:
1/2 cup peas (I used frozen, thawed)
1 clove of garlic or a generous pinch of garlic powder
1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil (optional)
a bunch of cilantro (1/2 cup)
sea salt to taste
water as needed
1  Sweet Potato peeled and sliced
1 Tablespoon extra virgin olive oil or coconut oil
salt and dried herbs
1/4 cup Cashew flour (ground raw cashew)
1/4 cup Coconut milk
1/4 cup Cooked Millet (or use cooked quinoa or a Tbsp cashew flour)
1 Tablespoon chopped red pepper or canned pimientos
1 Tablespoon nutritional yeast
1/2 teaspoon onion flakes
1/2 teaspoon vinegar
1/2 teaspoon salt or to taste
a generous pinch of black salt (kala namak)
1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika
a generous pinch of garlic powder (cayenne powder and mustard powder)
1 Tablespoon Tapioca starch
Other: Slices of bread: I used Rye Almond Loaf Slices.
Sliced Red Onions
Variations:
add Pickled Jalapeno (pickled onions, meat substitutes, fresh herbs, mashed Avocado.)

Instructions:
Pea Pesto: Blend all the ingredients. Use a little water if needed to get a spreadable consistency. Adjust salt and spice.
Roasted Sweet Potato: Brush the Sweet Potato slices on both sides. Place on parchment lined sheet.
Sprinkle salt and dried herbs of choice and bake at 415 degrees F / 210c for 18-20 minutes.
Cashew Millet Cheese: Blend all the ingredients except millet. Taste and adjust salt and spice.
Add millet and blend again to somewhat smooth state. Some unblended millet is fine.
If you are not planning to grill the sandwich at high heat, you can omit the tapioca starch. The starch helps the cheese sauce thicken and get stringy when hot. The cheese then sets as it cools and holds the sandwich together. * You can also use cooked quinoa or 2 tbsp more ground cashew.
Sandwich:
Make the Pea pesto. Prep the cheese ingredients and blend.
Layer a bread slice with pesto, roasted sweet potato and red onions.
Sprinkle salt and pepper. Layer the cheese sauce generously on top.
Top with another bread slice and grill.
You can add cheese sauce layers to both slices, add some jalapenos, any veggies(raw or roasted of choice and grill for a plain grilled nacho cheese sandwich.