Ingredients:
15 ounce can of chickpeas washed and drained or 1.5 cups of cooked chickpeas
1 teaspoon soy sauce (or tamari for Glutenfree )
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
3 tablespoons cashew cream or vegan mayo or non-dairy plain yogurt
1/4 teaspoon turmeric
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1/4 cup chopped red bell pepper
3 tablespoons chopped green onion
1/4 cup of chopped cilantro
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon Indian black sulfur salt (Kala namak)
2  large 10 inch tortillas
1 cup baby spinach
2  russet potatoes
salt and pepper to taste
1 teaspoon flour
2-4 teaspoons of oil

Instructions:
Make the chickpea egg mash mixture:  To a bowl, add the chickpeas and mash until about 3/4 of the mixture is mashed. Then add in the rest of the ingredients and mix well.
Mash some more so that just a little bit of texture remaining. Taste and adjust the flavor. Add salt or more kala namak if needed.
Spread this mixture on the tortillas with half an inch to spare on the side. The mix makes enough to make 2 tortillas.
Then top the tortillas with some spinach. You can also add in some fresh herbs like fresh basil and fresh cilantro. Roll up like a pinwheel burrito tightly.
Then transfer the wrapped tortilla rolls to a skillet over high heat with seam side down. Cook until golden brown to seal the seam then move around to toast the rest. Repeat for the other tortilla roll.
Then slice into 3/4-inch slices and set aside to serve. Or panfry the sliced rolls! I like to pan-fry the chickpea scramble rolls before serving. Just add them to the skillet over medium heat with a teaspoon of oil . Cook until golden on both sides, and then serve.
To make the hash browns, grate the russet potato then wash in cold water. Drain really well and transfer to some paper towels and press to absorb the extra moisture.
Then toss the potatoes in salt, pepper, and a teaspoon of flour. Add oil to a skillet over medium-high heat. Transfer the potatoes to the skillet and bunch them up.
Use a spatula to press and cook for 3-4 minutes each side until golden brown. Then flip and press and cook again.
Serve these with the chickpea scramble rolls and some fruit and ketchup or other dressings of choice