Ingredients:
1/4 cup lentils (any brown lentils, whole masoor or spanish brown)
1/4 cup yellow or green split peas
2 cups water
1/3 cup chopped red onion
4 cloves of garlic
1/4  packed cup cilantro
1/4  packed cup parsley
1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon salt or to taste
1/2 teaspoon cumin powder
1/2 teaspoon whole coriander seeds or coriander powder
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper/ or black pepper or to taste (I also added 1/2 a Serrano chili pepper)
2 teaspoons oil (optional)
1 Tbsp sesame seeds
1-2 Tablespoons chickpea flour
1/3 cup tahini
1 clove of garlic
2 tsp fresh parsley or 1/2 tsp dried
2 to 3 Tbsp lemon juice
1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
3 to 4 Tbsp water
1/4 tsp salt
a generous dash of cayenne and black pepper
Long white Radish made into ribbons with a peeler or radish slices
Cucumber slices
Torn Lettuce
pickles (optional)
cilantro and sesame seeds for garnish

Instructions:
Wash the lentils and split peas. Drain, add to a deep pan with 2 cups of water. Cook on medium-high heat for 18 to 19 minutes. (15 mins if the lentils and split peas were pre-soaked for half an hour)
Drain and cool slightly. Add to a food processor. Add all the ingredients except chickpea flour and pulse to make a coarse mixture. Transfer to a bowl. Add chickpea flour as needed to make the dough less sticky. If the dough is too sticky. chill for a few minutes.
Pre-heat the oven to 400 degrees F / 200ºc. Grease hands and shape the dough into 1 to 1.5 inch balls. Place on parchment lined sheet. Brush oil on top. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden crisp on the outside.
Meanwhile, Prepare the veggies and make the Tahini sauce. Blend everything under Tahini dressing. Taste and adjust tang and salt. Add more lemon juice if needed.
Assemble the bowl with lettuce, cucumbers, Radish ribbons and other veggies. Drizzle generous amount of tahini dressing. Serve with warm falafels. Garnish with black and white sesame seeds and cilantro(optional). Or make a wrap in a pita. Add lettuce, pickles, radish, falafels and tahini dressing and make a snug wrap to carry.
The falafels can be stored for upto 3 days in the refrigerator. Reheat in the oven if needed before serving.