Ingredients:
8 to 9 oz spaghetti  (or other pasta)
1/2 cup red lentils ((split skinned quick cooking kind (masoor dal)))
1 tsp olive oil
4 oz mushroom (, chopped small)
1/2  small onion (, chopped small)
4 cloves of garlic (, finely chopped)
1/4 cup shredded carrots
3/4 tsp dried oregano or use 1/2 tbsp fresh
1 tsp dried basil or use 2 tbsp fresh
1/4 tsp thyme or rubbed sage
1/4 tsp onion powder
2 tsp nutritional yeast (optional)
16 to 18 oz low sodium marinara or pizza sauce (or use 28 oz diced tomatoes)
1 tbsp tomato paste (, optional)
1/2 tsp salt (depends on the salt content of the sauce. Use less and add more later to taste)
a good dash of black pepper and red pepper flakes
1/4 cup red wine  (or use veggie broth)
fresh basil or thyme for garnish

Instructions:
Cook the Spaghetti according to instructions on the package or prepare other pasta.
Wash the lentils, drain and add to pot with 2 cups of water. Cook over medium heat for 11 to 14 mins or until just about cooked. The water will start boiling half way through. Stir once in between to cook evenly. Drain if there is too much water (a few tbsp is ok) Set aside. Or use 1.5 cups cooked lentils, chickpeas or split peas of choice.
Heat a skillet over medium heat, add onion, mushroom, garlic and a good pinch of salt. Cook for 5 minutes or until golden. Stir occasionally.
Add the carrots, herbs, spices and mix in. Cook for 2 mins. (Variation: You can also add 1/4 cup or more finely chopped walnuts for additional texture)
Add the marinara/pizza sauce, salt, pepper, wine/broth and mix in. Bring to a boil. (If using diced tomatoes, double the herbs, add 1 tbsp tomato paste and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Mash the large pieces of the tomatoes and continue).
Fold in the cooked lentils and mix well. (add 1 tbsp tomato paste if the mixture is not tomatoey enough). Cook for 1-2 minutes. Adjust consistency by adding more water if needed. Taste and adjust salt and flavor.&nbsp; Then cover, take off heat and let sit for another few minutes for the flavors to develop.
Garnish with fresh basil and optional&nbsp;vegan parm. Serve over cooked spaghetti, pasta or mashed potato/root veggies or roasted veggies.