Ingredients:
1 cup carrot grated or sliced thin and long
1 cup green bell pepper finely sliced or cut into strips
1 cup onion finely sliced
1 cup cabbage sliced
2  Serrano chili peppers finely sliced
1 inch ginger cut into thin strips
2 cups bean sprouts
1 Tablespoon vegetable oil
6-9 oz soba noodles. I used buckwheat soba (2 big bowlfuls of the noodles.)
veggies or meat that can be added: red bell pepper (sliced mushrooms, shallots, chicken, pork etc)
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
Sauce: 1 Tablespoon yakisoba sauce. If thats not available then use the following.
1 Tablespoon Soy sauce (, low sodium)
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon vinegar or 2 teaspoons rice vinegar
1 teaspoon hoisin sauce
1 teaspoon soy sauce or teriyaki sauce
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 inch ginger cut into thin strips
1/2 cup bean sprouts

Instructions:
Mix all ingredients for the sauce and keep aside.
Cook the soba noodles in boiling water for 5 minutes or according to package instructions. Rinse in cold water and keep aside.
In a large pan. heat the vegetable oil on high heat. Once the oil is hot , add the chopped onion.
Keep stirring frequently and cook the onion till it starts getting golden on the edges. 3-4 minutes
Add in the bell pepper, ginger and seranno pepper and cook on high for another 3-4 minutes.
Add in the carrots and continue stirring and cooking on high for another 2 minutes.
Add in the cabbage and cook for 2 minutes. If you have other veggies or meat, add them in the mix depending on the amount of time they take to get cooked. ie. onions were added in the beginning since they take a very long time to cook.
Add in the sauce and mix well.
Add in the noodles, salt and pepper and mix well. Keep stirring and mixing for another 2 minutes on high heat till all noodles are coated with sauce. You can add more salt/sauce or pepper according to taste.
Add in the sprouts, mix up everything and take it off the heat.
For the dressing, in a small pan, heat the oil on medium heat and add ginger strips to it.
Cook the ginger for 2-3 minutes.
Add in the soy sauce and sugar (or teriyaki sauce) and mix well.
Cook for another 1-2 minutes.
Add in the sprouts and toss them well.
Take this dressing and sprinkle on top while serving. You can also sprinkle some shallots, sesame seeds and pickled ginger.
Enjoy hot and sizzling!. I love ginger in this dish!