Ingredients:
1 cup unsweetened soy milk
1 packet instant yeast (2 1/4 tsp)
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce
6 tablespoons vegan butter, softened to room temperature
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 cups all purpose flour, plus more as needed
vegetable oil, for frying
1 Recipe Vegan Custard
1/2 cup dairy free chocolate chips
2 tablespoons vegan butter
1 tablespoon corn syrup, optional
1 tablespoon water

Instructions:
Heat the soy milk in the microwave for about a minute until it&#039;s as warm as bath water. Too hot and it could kill the yeast. You could also warm it in a small pot.
Pour the warmed milk into a large bowl, or the bowl of a stand mixer. Add the instant yeast and sugar, give it a little stir and let sit for 3-4 minutes, until it&#039;s a bit frothy.
To the bowl with the yeast/milk/sugar mixture, add the applesauce, softened vegan butter, vanilla, salt and 2 cups of flour. Mix on low speed with a dough hook (or by hand with a spoon) for a few minutes, then add the rest of the flour and mix, until a soft dough starts to form.
If using a stand mixer, beat with the dough hook for 2-3 minutes. If you are mixing the dough by hand, mix it as well as you can with a spoon, then transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead for about 5 minutes until you have a soft, sturdy ball of dough. It may be slightly sticky, but if it&#039;s very sticky, add flour, a little at a time, until it&#039;s easier to handle.
Lightly grease a large bowl, then place the dough inside the bowl. Cover with a tea towel, and allow to rise in a warm place for 30 minutes. I preheat my oven to 170, then turn it off, place the bowl inside and leave the oven door cracked.
After 30 minutes, punch the dough down gently, and place on a floured surface. Roll to about 1/2 inch thick and use a donut cutter (or biscuit cutter) to cut the donuts into round circles. You will get around 16.
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper, and place the cut donuts on it. Cover with the towel for about 15 minutes while you heat the oil.
Heat 2-3 inches of oil in a large pan or pot until it reaches 375. Use a food thermometer to ensure the right temperature.
Add a few donuts at a time to the oil and cook for about 1-2 minutes on each side, until golden brown, being careful not to let them get too dark and burnt. If the oil is hot, this won&#039;t take long. Beware of splattering oil!
Place the cooked donuts on a cooling rack with a pan or parchment paper underneath to catch any oil drippings. Repeat until all donuts are fried.
Make the chocolate glaze: Place chocolate chips, vegan butter, corn syrup and water in a small bowl and microwave in 30 second increments, stirring after each time, until completely melted and smooth.
Cut a deep slit in each donut, then use a piping bag with large tip and pipe pastry cream into each one. Dip the tops of the donuts in the glaze, then place back on the cooling rack. Enjoy!