Ingredients:
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup almond milk (or other non dairy milk)
1 Tablespoon raw sugar or maple syrup
2 teaspoon yeast
1 Tablespoon flaxmeal (optional)
3/4 cup Bread flour (or all purpose flour)
1/4 cup raw Cashew flour (ground raw cashew)
1/2 cup whole Wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 Tablespoons oil  (/melted earth balance)
2 Tablespoons ground raw sugar  (or other sugar)
2 Tablespoons melted vegan butter or coconut oil or organic canola oil (or more )
1/3 cup raw sugar, coarsely ground (or half fine powdered sugar/brown sugar and half granulated sugar)
2 Tablespoons Cinnamon powder
1/4 cup ground raw sugar or vegan powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon instant coffee ground
1 teaspoon oil
1/2 teaspoons almond milk
2 to 4 teaspoon maple syrup
pinch of salt

Instructions:
In a large bowl, add warm water, 1 tablespoon sugar, yeast, flax meal. mix and let sit for 5 minutes or until frothy( if the yeast does not get frothy, it is most likely old or dead).
Mix the baking powder and salt in wheat flour.
Add all the flours, oil, sugar, oil, ground cashew, warmed almond milk.
Mix with a spoon, then knead for 2 minutes until well combined.
(At this point You can let the dough rise for an hour and then punch it down and then make the rolls. Or store the dough overnight in the refrigerator, then let it sit on the counter for an hour before you proceed to make rolls. Or proceed to make rolls immediately without any rise time as below.)
Using 2-3 Tablespoons wheat flour, roll the dough into a somewhat rectangle ( roughly 12 by 8 inch)
Spread the oil/melted butter liberally.
Sprinkle filling sugar evenly on top.
Sprinkle as much cinnamon as you like.
Roll up the rectangle and seal the edges.
Cup up the rolls an inch wide, about 12 or more pieces
Dip each roll bottom in some flour and place on parchment-lined or greased cake pan. The flour helps seal the oil and sugar in the roll reducing the bottom mess.
The 12 rolls will fit an 8-inch cake pan with a little space in between.
Spray water on top and Lightly cover the pan with a towel.
Let it rise for 30 minutes in a warm place. *At this step, you can refrigerate the rolls instead of keeping them for the second rise. Cover in parchment. Let them come to room temperature before baking ( about an hour)
Bake at preheated 375 degrees F for 18 to 20 minutes until golden.
Remove the buns from the pan. Let cool for 5 minutes.