Ingredients:
1/2 tsp toasted cumin seeds
1/4 cup cashews ( or use almond slivers or sunflower seeds)
3 cups cauliflower florets
1  hot green chili
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1/2 inch knob of ginger (chopped)
1/2 tsp coriander powder
1/2 tsp garam masala
1/4 cup chickpea flour
1/4  cup breadcrumbs ( or coarsely ground oat flour)
1/4 cup mashed potatoes  (or shredded potato)
1 tsp organic canola or saffllower oil (optional)
2 cloves of garlic (minced or 1/2 tsp garlic powder)
1/2 tsp salt
1 cup chopped red onion
2 cups chopped tomato (2 medium)
1/2 inch knob of ginger
3 cloves of garlic
1 tsp organic canola  (or safflower oil)
1  bay leaf
2  cloves
1/4 tsp turmeric
1/2 tsp or more garam masala
1 tsp sriracha  (or other hot sauce)
1/2 to 3/4 tsp salt
1 cup almond milk  (or coconut milk)
1/2 cup water
cilantro and cashew cream for garnish

Instructions:
Kofta/balls:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F / 220c. Toast the cumin seeds in a skillet over medium heat until fragrant (2 to 3 minutes),
Process the cumin seeds and cashews in a food processor or blender to make a coarse mixture. Add all ingredients from cauliflower through garam masala and process. Or you can hand grate the cauliflower and mix in the spices.
Transfer cauliflower mixture to a bowl. Add chickpea flour, 1/4 cup breadcrumbs, potato, oil, garlic, salt and mix well. Do not let the mixture sit at this point as the cauliflower will start to leak moisture. Add more breadcrumbs if needed. (If the mixture is too dry, let it sit for a few minutes and then shape into balls, If it stays too dry, add 1 flax egg to help bind).
Shape into an inch size balls or flat discs. Place on parchment lined sheet. Spray or brush oil on the balls. Bake 22-25 minutes or until golden. You can also pan fry the discs, 3 to 5 minutes each side until golden. (you might need more flour or breadcrumbs to make sturdy discs to pan fry. These koftas do better when baked)
Sauce:
In a blender, add onion, tomato, garlic, ginger and blend to a puree. Use a few Tbsps of water if needed.
In a pan, add oil and heat over medium heat. One hot, add the bay leaf and cloves and cook for a few seconds. Add turmeric, garam masala, sriracha and a Tbsp of water. Cook for a minute.
Add the blended puree and salt mix well. Cook uncovered until the mixture reduces to a thick wet paste, smells roasted and some oil can be seen on the edges. 20 to 25 minutes. Stir occasionally.
Add almond milk and water, mix and bring to a boil. about 5 minutes. Cook longer if needed for desired sauce consistency. Taste and adjust salt and spice. Add cayenne if needed. Serve warm koftas, drizzled with enough sauce. Garnish with cilantro or cashew cream. Serve with flatbread or rice.