Ingredients:
8 oz tempeh
1 tbsp coriander seeds
1/4 tsp cumin seeds
1/3 tsp black peppercorns
1/4 tsp fenugreek seeds
1/8 tsp fennel seeds (optional)
1 tbsp sesame seeds
1/3 tsp red pepper flakes
1  large or 2 small tomatoes  (or 1 cup diced)
1 tsp tamarind paste (or 1 tbsp tamarind chutney or pulp from fresh tamarind, or use 1 tsp lime juice + a dash of sugar)
2 tbsp ketchup or use 1 tsp more tamarind paste
1/2  inch ginger
3/4 tsp salt divided
1 tsp oil
1/2  medium onion (, chopped)
4 cloves of garlic (, finely chopped)
6 to 8  curry leaves (fresh, frozen or dried)
1/2  tsp  smoked paprika ore regular paprika
1 cup cauliflower florets
1  small potato (, cubed)
1 cup coconut milk
cilantro and lemon for garnish

Instructions:
Steam the tempeh for 12 minutes. Set aside. (If using tofu, you can panfry it on a skillet for 4-5 mins)
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add coriander seeds, cumin seeds and black peppercorn. Roast for 2 mins or until fragrant. Add the fenugreek and fennel seeds and roast for half a min. Add sesame seeds and chili flakes and roast for a few seconds. Take off heat. Grind the mixture in a grinder(I use my nutribullet 2 blade grinder and use the same cup for wet blending later with the 4 blade). If you dont have a grinder, just blend everything in the next step with the tomato it will take a few minutes to break the spices down.
Blend the ground spices with the tomato, ketchup, ginger and tamarind until smooth. Use a few tbsp of water if needed.
Heat oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add onion, curry leaves, garlic and a good pinch of salt and cook until translucent. Add the steamed tempeh and cook for a minute to brown some edges.
Add the blended tomato+ spice mixture, paprika and 1/3 tsp salt. Mix well and cook over medium heat until the sauce is drying out and sticking to the tempeh. 7 to 10 mins
Add the cauliflower, potato, 1/3 tsp salt and coconut milk. Mix well to incorporate, cover and cook for 11 o 13 minutes or until the veggies are cooked through and the sauce has thickened a bit. Continue to cook uncovered if the sauce is too thin or add more coconut milk for saucier.
Taste and adjust salt, spice and flavor. Add a bit of cayenne or garam masala if needed. Garnish with cilantro and a dash of lemon. Serve with flatbread, naan or rice. As with most Indian sauces, the sauce flavor develops more on sitting for a few hours. Refrigerate for upto 3 days.&nbsp;