Ingredients:
8 oz Tempeh
3/4 cup non dairy yogurt (( or use thin cashew cream))
2 tbsp or more water
5 cloves of garlic
1 inch ginger (, use a good rounded inch knob)
1/2 tsp onion powder
1 tsp vinegar
2 tsp or more lime juice
1 tbsp chickpea flour or other flour
1/2 tsp sugar
1/2  hot green chile or 1 tbsp green bell pepper
1/4 tsp sage (optional)
1/4 tsp cayenne
1.5 to 2 tbsp tandoori masala (, store bought or recipe below, use whichever spices you have, missing a spice is ok)
1/2  to 3/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp coriander seeds
1/4 tsp fennel seeds
1/4 tsp cumin seeds
2  cloves (, or use 1/8 tsp ground cloves)
1/4 tsp ground cardamom
1/2 tsp dried fenugreek leaves or 1/8 tsp fenugreek seeds
1/4 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp sweet paprika
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
sliced onions, spinach/greens, lime juice as needed
1  Recipe Cilantro Mint Chutney

Instructions:
Steam the tempeh for 11 to 13 minutes (in a steamer, instant pot or however). Cube/slice and place in a bowl. Thin and smaller slices will do better to absorb flavors from the marinade.
Grind all the spices under tandoori masala using a spice/coffee grinder or a blender with a 2 blade attachment.
Then add all the ingredients under marinade (including the ground tandoori masala) and blend until well combined. Pour over the tempeh. Toss to combine. Use a tbsp of water to rinse the blender and pour into the bowl.&nbsp; Chill for a few hours or overnight for best results.
Line a sheet with parchment. Fish out the tempeh pieces from the marinade and place on the sheet. Bake at 375 degrees F for 25 to 30 minutes. You can pour some of the remaining the marinade over the pieces half way through. Or use the remaining marinade to coat veggies like cauliflower, bell peppers, broccoli etc, Add 1 tbsp flour to the marinade to thicken if needed before adding veggies. Place on the baking sheet with the tempeh and bake for the 25-30 mins.
Serve the baked tempeh tikka in a bowl with crunchy greens and sliced onion. Dress with lime juice and cilantro mint chutney. Sprinkle some garam masala or chaat masala and cayenne for additional oomph. Serve as a bowl, as appetizer with just Tikka and chutney dip, or make Wraps!