Ingredients:
6  oz brown rice vermicelli  (or maifun or rice noodles)
1 tsp lime juice ( or lemon )
1/2 tsp toasted sesame oil
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes (optional)
1 tsp oil
12 to 14 oz firm tofu
2 tsp sesame oil
1/2  large red bell pepper thinly sliced
1/2  or 1 large green bell pepper thinly sliced
1  hot chile (green (Serrano) or red(birds eye))
1/2 cup sliced carrots
1/2 to 1 cup other veggies of choice
5 cloves of garlic (finely chopped)
1 tbsp minced ginger (peel ginger and mince)
1/3 cup soy sauce or tamari
1/4  cup maple syrup
2 to 3 tbsp rice vinegar
2 to 3 tsp sriracha
1 tbsp orange juice (optional)
a generous dash of black pepper
1/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp cornstarch (or use arrowroot starch)
1/4 to 1/2 cup water
cilantro for garnish (1 tbsp toasted sesame seeds for garnish, epper flakes as needed)

Instructions:
Prepare the vermicelli/rice noodles according to instructions on the package. Rinse in Cold water and transfer to a bowl. Add a dash of lemon or lime juice, pepper flakes and 1/2 tsp sesame oil(optional) and toss. Divide into 2 or 3 serving bowls.
Wrap the tofu in paper towel and then a kitchen towel. Place a heavy book on it for 5 minutes. unwrap and cube into small cubes. (or press using tofu press and cube)
Heat 1 tsp oil in a skillet over medium heat. When hot, add the cubed tofu and cook for 5 to 7 minutes until golden on some sides. Transfer to a bowl.
Add sesame oil, peppers, chile pepper and other veggies if using. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes.
Add garlic and ginger and cook for 3 minutes. Stir occasionally
Add the sauce ingredients till salt and mix. Add the crisped tofu and bring the mixture to a good rolling boil. 3 to 4 minutes
Mix cornstarch with water in a bowl to make a slurry. Add cornstarch slurry and continue to cook until the sauce thickens. Taste adjust heat and sweet. Add some coconut sugar/sweetener or cayenne if needed.
Divide into the serving bowls.. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds,pepper flakes and cilantro. Add crunchy sides as sliced cucumber, sprouts or carrots.