Ingredients:
15 ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed
3/4 cup no chicken broth (*I used Better than Bouillon, may use veg. broth )
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1/4 cup tomato paste
1 tablespoon liquid smoke
1 tablespoon pure maple syrup
1 teaspoon paprika, smoked or regular
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 1/2 cups vital wheat gluten
3-4 cups more no chicken or vegetable broth, for steaming
4 tablespoons melted vegan butter
1/2 cup brown sugar, lightly packed
1/2 cup pure maple syrup
1 tablespoon dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
whole cloves, about 20
canned or fresh pineapple rings, about 10-12

Instructions:
In a blender or food processor, add the drained chickpeas, broth, olive oil, nutritional yeast, tomato paste, liquid smoke, maple syrup, paprika, cloves, onion powder and garlic powder and blend or process until smooth.
Transfer the blended mixture to a large mixing bowl, getting all the last bits with a spatula.
Add the vital wheat gluten to the bowl and start to mix it into the wet ingredients with a spatula or spoon, then use your hands and mix until it starts to come together. Sprinkle a little vital wheat gluten on a clean surface, transfer the mixture to the surface and knead about 10 times. Carefully shape it into a loaf.
Get out a large pot with a steamer basket (flat bottom preferred, see Notes if you don&#039;t have steamer basket.) Place the loaf on the steamer basket with about 3 cups of broth on the bottom for steaming, but don&#039;t let the ham sit in the broth.
Cover, bring to a boil, then reduce the heat so it’s simmering but not boiling too hard. Steam for 1 hour, and make sure to add more broth if it evaporates too soon. You can pour some additional broth over the roast halfway through.
Remove the pot from heat and open the lid so the loaf can cool for a few minutes. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, whisk together all glaze ingredients and set aside.
Place the steamed ham in a casserole dish or a pan with a rim, and score it in a crisscross pattern. You can stick whole cloves in the diamonds if desired.  SEE PHOTOS for reference. You can also skip this part if you&#039;d like.
Pour about 1/2 of the glaze over the loaf and place pineapple rings around the roast (optional). Place in the oven to roast for about 30 minutes. Every 10 minutes or so, baste with more glaze. Save a little glaze for the very end, to pour over just before serving. Let cool for 15 minutes, remove the whole cloves and serve. Slice fairly thin for the best texture. Enjoy!