Ingredients:
1 cup warm water
1.5 cups whole wheat flour (I use Bob's Red Mill)
1.25 cups bread flour
1 teaspoon vital wheat gluten (optional- for chewier bagels)
1 Tablespoon agave syrup (or malt syrup)
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon raw sugar
1.5 teaspoons active yeast (Red Star)
1 Tablespoons extra virgin olive oil or virgin coconut oil
For onion bagels- add a Tablespoon of onion flakes.
4-5 cups water
1 Tablespoons agave or malt syrup
1 teaspoon salt
Onion flakes
Poppy seeds
sesame seeds
sunflower seeds
watermelon seeds

Instructions:
In a large bowl, add 1/4 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon raw sugar and yeast. Mix and let sit until frothy(10 minutes).
Add salt to the 1.5 cups wheat flour and mix. Add wheat flour, 1 cup bread flour, wheat gluten if using, to the yeast mix.
Add onion flakes for onion bagels.
Add agave, oil, rest of the water and knead 5-6 minutes in stand mixer or 8-9 minutes by hand.
If the dough is very sticky, then add a little bread flour until the the dough is soft and smooth.(more of the stiff side).
Place dough in well greased container. Cover with towel and let sit for 1.5 hours or until doubled.
Punch dough down, use a Tablespoon or so bread flour to help make the dough less sticky. (You can refrigerate the dough at this point overnight for chewier bagels. Next day, let the dough sit out for an hour before continuing).
Divide into 6 equal parts.
Start up the water bath to boil over high heat. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Shape each part into a bagel. Make a long rope by rolling between your palms and then sticking the ends together with atleast a 3 finger hole in between. or make a ball, poke a large hole using wet fingers or fat round spatula handle.(the bagels expand while boiling, hence reducing the hole, so keep the hole larger or you will get an almost bun like, small hole, pictured onion bagel .
Add agave and salt to the boiling water, mix. Add bagels 2 or 3 at a time and let boil for 30 seconds on each side.
Take them out and place on a towel.
You can directly bake these for plain bagels on a baking sheet.
Optional step: For a shiny gloss, mix a Tablespoon cornstarch in 2 Tablespoons water. Mix well. add a 1/4 cup boiling water and mix until thick. Brush this on the top.
Sprinkle your toppings on the bagels. Press down a bit to stick. or dip the bagel upside down in the bowl of seeds.
Place bagels on parchment lined baking sheet and bake for 17-20 minutes.(25 minutes for larger sized bagels).
Let cool before slicing or storing.
Top with vegan butter, vegan cream cheeze, herbed oil, marmalade, nut butters or use to make your fave loaded burgers!