Ingredients:
½ cup finely chopped cauliflower
½ cup chopped bell pepper
¾ cup finely chopped onion
1  hot green chili (finely chopped)
½ inch of fresh ginger (minced)
¼ cup Or more cilantro (chopped)
⅛ tsp carom(ajwain) seeds or cumin seeds
½ tsp turmeric
¼ tsp cayenne or red Indian chili powder
½ tsp salt
2 Tbsp rice flour (or use fine semolina flour )
1 cup chickpea flour (or use 1 cup +2 tbsp besan )
1/8 tsp baking soda
1 cup  water
oil as needed

Instructions:
Chop all of your vegetables and add them to a bowl. Or use a food processor to make a coarsely chopped mixture
Add the rice flour, chickpea flour, salt, spices, cilantro, baking soda and mix everything well.
Add in 1 cup of water to the mixture, stir well until combined. Add more water if needed - I need just about 1Tbsp more water when I make this, it really just depends on the amount of moisture leaking from your vegetables as well as the chickpea flour you use.
Let this mixture sit for 5 minutes before starting to make your waffles.
Oil and preheat your waffle maker - I usually drizzle some oil onto my waffle iron since I like my waffles to get nice and crispy and brown.
Pour and spread the thick batter on your waffle maker, spread evenly with a spatula.  keep the batter amount to a medium thick layer for crispy waffles. Too thick will take long to cook and soften faster
Drizzle a few drops of oil on the top as well before closing the lid.
Cook until golden brown and crisp, to preference. (These waffles take a while to crisp up so account for all the inactive time when planning. Also keep them thin else the batter gets bready)
The waffle maker timer for my iron is pretty short, you may have to experiment to see what’s best for yours. Just make sure you cook it to a golden crisp brown to ensure the vegetables are fully cooked and the waffles get crispy.
Remove the waffle from the waffle maker, repeat for all of the batter.
These waffles are served best when they are warm and crispy, they will soften a bit as they cool off after about 30 mins or so. Serve with ketchup, salsa, chutney or other dressings of choice or serve witb kadhi!