Ingredients:
(2) 14-ounce blocks extra-firm tofu, pressed
3 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce  ((tamari for gluten free))
2 tablespoons cornstarch
spray oil
1  cup  uncooked white rice
1/2 cup full fat coconut milk
1 1/4 cups water
pinch of salt
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
1 cup full fat coconut milk
2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce ((tamari for gluten free))
2 tablespoons maple syrup
2 teaspoons fresh grated ginger
2  garlic cloves, minced
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (about 1 lime)
chopped cilantro, peanuts
steamed kale or broccoli

Instructions:
Press the tofu by wrapping in paper towels. Place a plate or pan on top of the wrapped tofu, and put a couple of heavy books on top of that. Let the tofu press for at least 30 minutes if possible and up to an hour. (Skip this step by purchasing firm tofu in a vacuum pack.)
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.&nbsp;Slice the tofu into 2 inch squares or rectangles and place in a large bowl. Drizzle on the soy sauce and toss gently to combine.&nbsp;Sprinkle on the cornstarch and toss to combine, gently (I always use my hands.)
Spray the parchment paper with oil. Arrange the tofu pieces evenly on the pan, spray the tops lightly with oil and bake for 25 minutes until crispy and lightly golden brown.&nbsp;
Once the tofu is baking, make the coconut rice: Rinse the rice, then add it to a medium pot, along with the coconut milk, water and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then let simmer for 18 minutes. Turn off the heat, and fluff with a fork. You will use the rest of the coconut milk for the peanut sauce.
Once the rice is cooking, make the peanut sauce: In a large pan, add all the sauce ingredients and turn the heat to medium. Stir constantly, until smooth and creamy, about 5-10 minutes.&nbsp;
When the tofu is done baking, carefully add it to the pan with the sauce, and stir to coat the tofu pieces. Serve immediately over the coconut rice, sprinkling peanuts and cilantro on top, if desired.&nbsp;