Ingredients:
1/4 cup unroasted unsalted peanuts
1/2  heaping cup carrots (1 inch pieces)
1/4 cup chopped celery
15 oz can white beans (1.25 cups cooked)
1 Tbsp finely minced ginger
2 cloves of garlic minced
1/2 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp rice vinegar
1.5 tsp soy sauce  (or liquid aminos tomake soy-free)
1 tsp sesame oil
2 tsp agave or maple
1 tsp sriracha or to taste
1 Tbsp peanut butter  (or almond butter)
1 Tbsp sesame seeds
2 Tbsp flaxmeal
2-4 Tbsp regular flour  (or Oat flour for glutenfree.)
Burger buns or wraps
Crunchy veggies such as cabbage
Roasted butternut squash ( or sweet potato)
Sauces for topping

Instructions:
Pulse the peanuts until coarse meal(a few broken peanuts are fine, do not over process). Add carrots and celery and pulse until riced. Add the beans and pulse until half of the beans are mashed.
Remove from the processor to a bowl. Add the ginger, garlic, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, agave, sriracha, peanut butter, sesame seeds, flaxmeal. Mix until well combined. Taste and adjust spice, sweet ans salt. You might need salt if the beans were unsalted. Add 2 Tbsp flour and mix well. the dough should not be too sticky or too dry (slightly sticky, moist but not wet dough works best). Add more flour if needed.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F / 200c. Shape into patties using a cookie cutter. Press 1/3 cup of the mixture into a 3 inch cookie cutter. Press to pack well then push through onto parchment to make 3 inch by 3/4 inch patties. Brush oil on top and bake for 20 mins at 400 F/ 200c. Flip and bake for 5 more minutes if needed.
For the picture I paired these with roasted butternut tossed in sweet and sour&nbsp;sauce + sriracha and crunchy cabbage. (Bring the sweet and sour ingredients with the cornstarch slurry to a boil, add sriracha to taste). Other combinations could be roasted butternut or sweet potato cubes tossed in bbq sauce, mango cubes tossed in sweet bbq sauce. both of these enhance the flavors of the patty. To tone down the flavors of the patties, pair them with cole slaw, sriracha mayo or ranch dressing. Make it into a bowl with smaller patties, roasted veggies, lettuce or other crunchy greens, and sauces from above.