Ingredients:
4 oz tempeh cut into 4-5 slices
3/4 cup water
1/2 teaspoon salt or to taste
1 teaspoon garam masala powder
2 Tablespoons finely chopped Onion (cooked to golden(optional. I added them in one batch and skipped them the other time.))
1  Green chili (or to taste, our organic ones are nasty hot, know your green chili and add for 8 patties)
4 Tablespoons packed Fresh coriander leaves
2 Tablespoons packed Mint leaves
3 cloves garlic or a heaping teaspoon paste
1 inch ginger or a teaspoon paste
1/2 teaspoon Cumin powder ((jeera))
1 teaspoon Garam masala powder
1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds ((saunf))
1/2 teaspoon rock salt (kala namak or anardana (pomegranate seed powder))
2 Tablespoons almonds (coarsely ground or cashews.)
3-5 Tablespoons Oats (coarsely ground)
2 Tablespoons Roasted Chickpea flour (Besan, roast for 4-5 minutes)
1/2 teaspoon Kashmiri red chilli powder or to taste or cayenne
1/2 teaspoon salt or to taste
1 Tablespoon oil
Oil to cook

Instructions:
Cook the sliced Tempeh in 3/4 cup of water with salt and garam masala for 12-15 minutes on medium eat till tempeh doubles in size and water is all absorbed. Let tempeh sit and cool to a warm to touch state.
Meanwhile, in a blender, blend the ginger, garlic, chili, cilantro, mint, fennel, cashews, a tablespoon oil and everything else except onion, oats and chickpea flour. Use a few teaspoons of water if necessary to get a nice paste.
Crumble the tempeh and mix with the paste. add in the golden onion.
Add the chickpea flour and 2 Tablespoons oats flour and mash and knead. Add more oats to form a soft doughy mixture which can hold together. Taste and adjust salt and spice. you can use Bread crumbs instead of oats too.
Form patties or pat the mixture on skewers.
Grill on a heated grill pan with oil, on high heat 2-3 minutes each side till the outside is not moist anymore and there are crusty brown grill marks.
Serve hot. topped with chaat masala or rock salt(kala namak) and lemon juice. And with sliced onions and tomatoes tossed in salt, pepper and lemon juice, green cilantro mint chutney, ketchup or sriracha!
Or make larger burger patties and serve in between burger buns, topped with roasted veggies and cilantro chutney. Tempeh can be substituted with cooked cannelli, navy, garbanzo beans to make these soyfree.