Ingredients:
2 cups bread flour
1 cup Whole wheat flour
1/3 cup millet or sorghum flour (I used millet)
1 teaspoon vital wheat gluten (optional)
1/2 cup hot cereal
1 cup water to cook cereal
2 Tablespoons warm water
2 teaspoons active yeast
1 cup ripe fat organic Grapes
2 Tablespoons raw sugar  (or equivalent sugar substitute)
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 Tablespoon coconut oil
2 Tablespoons organic canola oil

Instructions:
Cook the hot cereal in double the amount of water on low-medium heat, till the grains are soft(around 10 minutes). Let cool to a warm state. You can also add other cooked grains like Quinoa, barley, millet etc. Add a total 1 cup of cooked cereal.
Blend the cereal, raw sugar and grapes into a puree and keep ready.
Warm 2 Tablespoons water and add 1 teaspoon raw sugar and yeast, mix and let sit for 10 minutes or until frothy. (If using stevia, dont add it to yeast mix. Add a teaspoon of flour instead of the sugar, mix and let it get frothy. Add stevia or natural sweetener to the grape mix.)
In the mixer bowl, add the flours(start with 1.5 cups bread flour), salt and whisk.
Add in the oils, and yeast mixture and mix a bit.
Add in the warm grape puree and knead for 6-8 minutes, scraping the sides every 2-3 minutes into a not too sticky and soft dough. Add more bread flour or water if needed.
Place dough in well greased container. Spritz top with water, cover and let rise for 1.5 hours or until doubled( depends on ambient temperature)
Take dough out, knead it for a minute using a little more bread flour to reduce the stickyness(the fruit makes the dough stickier because of more moisture)
Shape into a loaf by pulling on all sides, or by patting dough into a rectangle and rolling it like a jelly roll.
Place in parchment lined regular bread loaf pan (with seam side down if jelly roll).
Spritz top with water and then with oil and cover and let rise in a warm place,for 45 minutes or until doubled.
Bake at 365 degrees F for 40-45 minutes, or until a tap on the top sounds hollow.
Take bread out of the pan soon after removing from the oven.
Let cool for an hour before slicing. I usually refrigerate it another hour before slicing for less crumbly slices.