Ingredients:
1/4 cup water or broth
1/2  onion chopped
4 cloves of garlic (chopped)
1  jalapeno or 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper
1 cup chopped celery
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1/2  red bell pepper or green bell pepper (chopped)
15 oz can kidney beans or 1.5 cups cooked (, or use black beans)
1/2 cup dry red lentils (quick cooking lentils (masoor dal))
2 tsp ground cumin or a combination of cumin and coriander
1 to 2 tsp paprika (I use a combination of smoked paprika and sweet)
1 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp chipotle chili flakes or powder ( or ancho chili powder)
1 to 2 tsp chili powder blend (chili blend not pure chili powder, optional)
1/2 tsp each garlic powder and onion powder
1  bay leaf optional
28 oz diced tomato (with juices)
1 to 2 tbsp tomato paste
3/4 tsp salt ((less if using salted broth and beans))
1.5 cups water ( or veggie broth )
lemon juice to taste (, cayenne or black pepper for heat)
1/4 cup cilantro
avocado (, hot sauce, vegan sour cream, chopped onion, tortilla strips, other toppings)

Instructions:
Add water or broth to the instant Pot on Saute when hot. Add onion, garlic and jalapeno. Cook for 2 minutes. Stir frequently. Add another tbsp water to deglaze if needed.
Add the veggies and a good dash of salt and mix. Cook for another 2 minutes.&nbsp; (At this point you can add the tomatoes and cook them until tender for 3 to 4 mins, stirring occasionally. This adds a deeper flavor profile or follow next step for quicker).
Add the kidney beans, red lentils, spices, tomato, tomato paste, salt and water and give it a good mix&nbsp; to pick up any stuck bits. (You can also add other cooked beans at this point. Add some corn, veggies, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts for texture for variation). Add 1/2 cup more water for thinner consistency or if tomatoes werent as juicy..
Close the lid and pressure cook for 8 to 9 minutes (Manual/Pressure Cook, high pressure). Let the pressure release naturally. Mix in 1 to 2 tsp lemon juice and half of the cilantro.
Taste and adjust salt, heat and flavor and add more if needed. Serve hot garnished with chopped onion, jalapeno, cilantro, avocado, hot sauce. See Saucepan instructions in Notes