Ingredients:
1  small onion (chopped)
4 cloves of garlic (minced)
2 cups shredded carrots
1/2 cup bell peppers or other finely chopped vegetables (optional)
3 oz tomato paste
2 tbsp or more vegan worchestershire sauce
1/2 tsp or more salt
2 tsp smoked paprika
1/2 tsp chipotle pepper powder (, less for less heat)
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/4 tsp ancho chili powder or cayenne (optional)
a generous pinch of cloves or all spice for additional flavor
juice of 1 lime, (, 2- 3 tbsp)
1/4 tsp or more sugar
3/4 cup walnuts
2  bell peppers
chopped lettuce or greens
pico de gallo or salsa of choice
avocado (cubed)
salt pepper lime juice to dress

Instructions:
Prep: Chop the onion and garlic in a food processor or by hand and set aside. Process the carrots and bell peppers in the same food processor until shredded or use a grater for the carrots and chop the bell peppers then set aside. Process the walnuts in the same processor and set aside.&nbsp;
Heat oil in a saucepan or skiller over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and a pinch of salt. Cook for 3-4 minutes.
Add peppers and carrots and a good pinch of salt and cook for 5 minutes. Stir occasionally.&nbsp;Add the tomato paste, sauce, salt and spices and lime juice and mix well.
Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add in the walnuts and mix well. Taste and adjust salt, heat, flavor, adding more as needed. add smoked paprika for smokier, lime juice for tang. Check if the carrots are somewhat done.
Cook for another 2 minutes then let it sit for a few minutes before serving. Meanwhile grill the peppers or cook them over medium high in a skillet with a tsp of oil, until golden brown on the edges.&nbsp;
Assemble the bowl with chopped greens, roasted bell pepper, pico de gallo, a generous helping of the taco mix, avocado. Sprinkle salt, pepper and lime juice and serve(so good!). Add other toppings like vegan sour cream, fresh or pickled jalapeno etc. Make tacos or a burrito for variation with additional toppings, beans, spanish rice&nbsp;etc.&nbsp;