Ingredients:
12.3 ounce package silken firm tofu
1/2 cup white rice flour
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon kala namak (*also called black salt)
1/2 teaspoon regular salt
3/4 cup water
1/2 cup of the egg white mixture
1/2 teaspoon salt (*or more kala namak)
1/2 teaspoon yellow mustard
4 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon paprika

Instructions:
Prepare the egg whites: Drain any liquid from the tofu package, then add tofu to a blender, along with all the egg white ingredients. Blend until smooth, scraping down the sides as needed. Transfer the mixture to a bowl, scraping out all the last bits from the blender.
Prepare the yolk: To the blender, add back 1/2 cup of the egg white mixture, along with the rest of the yolk ingredients. Blend until smooth, then transfer to a small bowl. You can also just whisk the egg yolk mixture in a bowl if your blender is large and it won’t blend.
Place the egg white and yolk bowls close to the stovetop and get out a 1/4 cup measuring cup and a tablespoon for measuring. Heat a large cast iron (or other quality pan) over medium heat. Do not use a pan that is prone to sticking, cast iron or non-stick is best. Add a few tablespoons of refined coconut oil or vegan butter and let it coat the pan. 
Scoop 1/4 cup of the egg white batter and pour it into the pan but leave a little hole in the middle, if possible, and use a spatula to make it fairly flat and thin. In the hole, place 1 tablespoon of the “yolk” mixture. If there is no hole, it’s okay, just place it somewhere near the middle. 
Fit as many eggs as possible in the pan without touching. Let them cook on one side for 2-3 minutes, until nearly cooked through the top, then use a thin spatula to carefully flip the eggs over and cook for another minute. They will be fragile, so make sure to use a very thin spatula, get all the way under each egg and then flip carefully.
Transfer the cooked eggs to a plate, cover with foil to keep warm and continue until you have used all the batter. It should make about 12 eggs. Serve immediately with toast and jam, and maybe a side of tempeh bacon or breakfast potatoes. Enjoy!