Ingredients:
1/4 cup quinoa (uncooked)
1/2 cup water (to cook quinoa)
1/2  medium tomato  (chopped)
1/2 teaspoon vinegar
1 teaspoon flaxmeal
1 Tablespoons organic canola oil
1/3 cup rolled gf Oats (ground fine)
1/4 cup potato starch (add 3 Tbspns more for a lighter bread)
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tbsp water
1 teaspoon active yeast
1 teaspoon raw sugar
2/3 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cumin powder and dried basil flakes
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon chili flakes  (or powder or cayenne or omit)

Instructions:
Cook the 1/4 cup Quinoa in 1/2 cup water,in a covered container till done. Let cool to a warm state.
In a bowl, add a Tablespoon of warm water, yeast and sugar. Mix and let sit until frothy,
In another bowl, whisk all the dry ingredients(oats, starch, salt, spices, baking powder) till well combined. Add this to the yeast mixture. dont mix yet.
In a blender, blend the cooked quinoa, oil, flaxmeal, vinegar and the Tomato and 2 Tablespoons water, just enough so the tomato is well blended.
Add this mix to the yeast and flours and and mix well for a minute to get a stiff batter.
Spritz the top liberally with water and Let this mix sit in a warm place, covered, for 1-2 hours.
The batter will be more doughy since the Oats will absorb some moisture. Oil hands and knead to get it all together. The mix will now be doughy and handle-able. If too dry, spray some water.
Make 4 balls and pat each of them to desired thickness on parchment. Keep them thin 1/8 inch.
Spray water on top and cover with a damp towel and let sit in a warm place for 40-45 minutes.
Heat up a pan or girdle which has a well fitting lid, on high heat until hot.
Reduce heat to medium-high. Take one of the flat breads. Peel the parchment away from the bread and not the bread from the parchment.(flip the parchment on your hand and peel it slowly off the bread, while the bread is resting on your hand)
Place the bottom of the bread(which you just peeled from the parchment, the more moist side) on the heated pan.
Quickly spray the top of the bread and the surrounding with water and close the lid.
Cook for a minute to minute and a half. Open lid, and flip the bread. make a small trial bread to figure out cooking time since each pan and heating method(gas, electric stove etc acts differently).
Cover and cook the other side for a minute. Take off pan and continue with the rest of the breads. I cook only one at a time in the pan, because once the top has been sprayed, you want to close the lid soon to trap a little steam. Let bread rest for 2-4 minutes.
These breads dont go dry or go stale in the refrigerator for 2 days. You can make these ahead of time or right before serving. Top off the cooked side with the hummus, beet and grilled Red bell pepper while the other side is cooking. Close the lid for a minute and everything will get heated up to serve.