Ingredients:
1/2 cup self rising flour
2 Tbsps whole wheat pastry flour
2 Tbsps almonds
2 Tbsp oats
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 Tbsp coconut oil
1 Tbsp vegan butter
10  baby carrots
1/2 cup water
7 Tbsps raw sugar
1/2 teaspoon vinegar
1/4 teaspoon cardamom powder ((substitute with fave spice if you don't like cardamom))
1/4 teaspoon pumpkin spice
pinch of nutmeg
1.75 cups self rising flour
1/4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1/3 cup oats
1/3 cup almonds
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 Tablespoons coconut oil
2 Tablespoons Organic canola oil
2 cups baby carrots or chopped carrots.
1 cup 1 cup water ((roughly))
1 cup raw sugar
1/2 teaspoon cardamom powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon powder
1.5 teaspoon vinegar
raisins and cranberries

Instructions:
Grind the almonds and keep aside or use almond flour. Grind oats with baking powder and salt and keep aside.
Blend the carrots into a coarse puree with a little water(depends on your blender. I used about half a cup for 2 cups carrots). or grate then into thin fine strips. I pureed the carrots for both cake and muffins.
In a pan, heat the coconut oil, melt and spread to cover the pan.
Add in carrot puree, spices, Almond meal and sugar and mix well. Add in the raisins to the mixture at this point( I added 1/2 cup raisins for the muffins)
Cook on low heat for 10-15 minutes until the puree thicken a bit(depends in the quantity of the puree and water content).
Take mixture off heat and let cool for 5 minutes.
Add in vinegar, about 1/3 cup cold water for the cakes and 1/2 cup for the muffins, and canola oil and mix well. The mixture should be a runny sauce. (Add double the water if you grated the carrots and you cooked carrots are almost dry)
Add in the flours and ground Oats and mix until just about combined. Drop mixture in mini muffin liners in muffin pan Or greased cake pan. Smooth the top and top the muffins with cranberries(pictured), raisins or jam.
Bake at preheated 360 degrees F for 18-20 minutes for the mini muffins and 35-40 minutes for the cake pans or until the toothpick in the middle comes out clean.