Ingredients:
1  loaded cup chopped carrots  (or 1 loaded cup shredded/grated carrots)
1/4 cup raw walnuts
1/2 tsp oil
1 Tbsp ground raw sugar  (or any finely ground sweetener)
1/4 tsp  each of cinnamon, ginger and clove powder
a pinch of nutmeg
1 1/4 cup pancake mix
1/4 tsp each of cinnamon (ginger powder)
a generous pinch of clove and nutmeg powder
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
2 Tbsp maple syrup
1/3 cup almond milk
1/3 cup water
1 tsp lemon juice
1/4 cup non dairy yogurt (I used So Delicious Vanilla coconut milk yogurt or vegan cream cheese)
1/3 cup coconut cream (the thick cream that settles on the top of the can after refrigerating for a few hours or cashew cream)
1 Tbsp coconut oil (softened)
1/4 cup ground raw sugar  (or other sweetener of choice)
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 tsp or more lemon juice
1/2 tsp cider vinegar

Instructions:
Grate the carrots, or pulse in a blender/food processor to a coarse shred. Pulse the walnuts to small pieces. I used my blendtec. (total 1.25 cups of grated carrots and chopped walnuts).
In a pan, add oil and heat at medium. Add the carrot walnut mixture and roast for 3 minutes. Add the sugar and spices. Mix and cook for another 4 minutes. Reserve a Tbsp of the mixture to top the pancakes.
In a bowl, whisk the dry ingredients of the pancake mix. Add the spices and mix. Add all the wet ingredients to the dry and mix to combine. Add more water if needed. Keep the batter thicker than usual so it can hold a lot of carrots.
Add the carrot walnut mixture and mix to combine.
Make 4-5 pancakes. Heat a pan on medium heat. Drizzle a few drops of oil. when the pan is hot, Spread the batter to form same size circles. The batter will be thicker than usual pancake batter, so use a spoon to shape.
Cook 4-6 minutes each side.
Make the frosting: Combine everything under frosting in a bowl. Taste and adjust sour and sugar. Spread a Tablespoon or more frosting between each pancake or use this Date caramel between the pancakes to bring out the sweetness.
Drizzle the frosting on the stacked pancakes or apply evenly with a spatula.
Sprinkle the roasted carrot walnut mixture on top and serve.
Serve pancakes as is with maple syrup, with this yogurt cream frosting, or your favorite cream cheese frosting.