Ingredients:
28- ounce marinara sauce or herbed pasta sauce (or make my recipe linked in the notes)
3  medium zucchini squash, thinly sliced with a mandolin or knife
1/4 cup red lentils (, dry Split red lentils, washed and soaked for 5 mins in warm water if needed)
14- ounce block firm tofu (, drained and pressed dry for 10 minutes)
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
3 Tbsp nutritional yeast
2-3 tbsp lemon juice
zest of half a lemon  (optional)
1/4 cup almond flour  (or omit for nutfree)
2 tsp oregano
2 cloves of garlic
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
1/4 cup fresh basil
4 oz fresh or frozen(thawed) spinach
Garnish: pepper flakes (,basil, extra virgin olive oil, vegan cheese shreds)

Instructions:
Make the marinara if not using store bought. Press the tofu, Preheat the oven to 400 deg F (205 C). Grease a 9 by 9 inch baking dish.
Make the Tofu Ricotta: In a food processor, add the tofu through pepper and process until evenly blended.
Add basil and spinach and pulse a few times to incorporate. Taste and adjust flavor with additional salt or lemon.
Assemble: Spread 1/4 cup or more marinara in the baking dish. then sprinkle 1 tbsp of the lentils. (Alternatively, mix the soaked and drained red lentils in the marinara sauce, and then ladle the sauce in the pan).
Add a layer of zucchini. Then add dollops of the tofu ricotta and spread evenly. Then add another layer of the marinara (sprinkle 1 tbsp lentils if you didn&#x27;t mix them in the sauce). Layer with zucchini again and repeat. You can ad other layers such as roasted veggies/mushrooms or veggie sausage etc as well.
I usually reserve a bit of ricotta for the top layer and swirl it into the marinara sauce, or use dollops of my vegan mozzarella. Add garnishes such as pepper flakes, olive oil and basil.
Cover and Bake at 400 deg F for 30 minutes, then uncover and continue to bake for another 20 to 35 mins. (Depends on the thickness of the zucchini and the moisture content of the zucchini and pasta sauce). Check with a toothpick if the zucchini is cooked through and there isn&#x27;t too much liquid on the edges.
Let it rest for 15 mins, then slice and serve. Store: Cool and Refrigerate for upto 3 days or freeze for upto a month.