Ingredients:
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
2/3 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon vegan butter
3 tablespoons raw sugar ((a tablespoon more for sweeter roll))
1/2 cup carrot ((finely grated or coarsely blended))
1/2 teaspoon powdered cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 cup warm water
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon quick rise yeast
2 teaspoons vegan butter
1 tablespoon maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2/3 cup cranberries/raisins or per filling requirement
1/2 cup cashews/walnuts coarsely ground or finely chopped
sugar as needed

Instructions:
n a large bowl , Warm 2 Tablespoons of water and add yeast and a teaspoon of sugar. Mix well and let stand for 10 minutes.
Coarsely grind carrots with a little water if needed. You can use finely grated carrots as well, like you would for a carrot cake. Since this is a yeast bread, it does well with coarse mushy blended carrot. Add in the sugar to the carrots and blend for a few seconds to combine.
Add in wheat and bread flour to the yeast mixture bowl. Add in the salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, softened butter and the carrot puree/grated carrot and knead. If using grated carrots, you might need a bit more water to form the dough.
knead into a soft, not sticky dough. Use more bread flour or water if needed.
Place dough in well greased container. Spritz top with water and cover container. Let sit for 1.5 hours or until the dough doubles.
Take the dough and using a little flour knead and roll it out into half an inch thick rectangle.
To make the filling, melt the butter in a pan, add in the maple syrup and cinnamon, cranberries and chopped cashews, mix well and take off heat. Or keep the syrup and cranberries,cashews separate to make it easy to spread.
Spread the syrup and nuts evenly on the dough all over upto an inch from the corners. Sprinkle some sugar and more cinnamon if you want. I sprinkled a little sugar. Make more or less filling for as thick or thin a filling layer.
Roll the dough tightly from one end like a jelly roll. Using some water, seal the edge and sides.
With the seam side down, cut the jelly roll into inch thick slices.
Place slices on greased baking sheet or parchment an inch apart. Spritz top with water and cover with towel. Let rise for 45 minutes
Bake at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes.
Cool on rack. Serve warm topped with the filling mixture, or warm maple/agave or cream cheese frosting(fluff up some earth balance, sugar, vanilla and tofutti) or vanilla icing
The rolls are not too sugary as our sweetness requirement is on the very mild side. So add more sugar and or maple per taste!