Ingredients:
2 tsp oil
1/2 cup thinly sliced onions
3 cloves of garlic (minced)
1  hot green chili such as serrano (finely chopped)
1 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp ground cardamom
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/3 tsp cayenne (or indian red chili powder)
1/2 tsp dried fenugreek leaves ((optional))
2 cups chopped mushrooms (or about 4-5 oz. You can also use soy curls here, see notes for details)
16 oz can tomato puree  ((also can be called tomato sauce, use unseasoned))
14 oz can coconut milk (or 1 1/4 cup cashew milk)
1 cup water  (or broth)
7-8  regular lasagna sheets (or 9-10 no boil lasagna sheets)
1/2 tsp salt
cilantro (for garnish)

Instructions:
In a 9x12 or similar size baking dish, add the oil and spread all over. Add in the onion, garlic, chili on one side, and sprinkle the spices on, and a good dash of salt and mix well.
Add the mushrooms on the other side of the baking dish, add a dash of salt, and toss well to coat with the oil, and even it out. If either the mushrooms or onions are not coated enough, add a few sprinkles of water and mix so the spices and oil are evenly distributed
Put the baking dish in the oven at 400 degrees F (205 c) for 15 minutes, or until the onion and mushrooms are golden.
Remove the baking dish from the oven, then add in the tomato puree, coconut milk/cashew milk, salt, water, and mix well. Then break your lasagna sheets, and distribute all over so they aren&#039;t clumped up together.
Put the dish back in the oven, and bake for 35-40 minutes. Cover the dish with parchment after 20 mins, so the sauce doesn&#039;t burn on the edges.
Check if your lasagna sheets are done, then remove the dish from the oven. Garnish with some vegan cheese shreds if you like. They'll melt with the heat from the dish. Then add some cilantro and serve.
Make it in a skillet:Pour oil into a skillet over medium heat, and add the onion, garlic, green chili, and spices and mix well. Cook for 4 minutes, or until the onion is translucent.Add in the mushroom, and toss well. Sprinkle in a good pinch of salt, and continue to cook until mushrooms are golden on some edges. This will take a while on the skillet, about 10-12 minutes.Add in the tomato puree, coconut milk, water, and salt, and mix well. Toss in your lasagna sheets, or pasta, and mix well so that they&#039;re not clumped up together, and cover the skillet with a lid. Cook for 12-15 minutes, or until the pasta is cooked to preference. Garnish and serve