Ingredients:
14 oz firm tofu (,pressed for 15 mins and cubed)
15 oz diced tomatoes ( or 3 medium )
1/4 cup raw cashews
1 inch ginger
4 cloves of garlic
1/4 tsp ground cardamom
1  whole clove
1 tsp oil
2  bay leaves
1  medium onion (, finely chopped)
1 tsp ground coriander
1/2 to 1 tsp garam masala (, or use a mix of ground cumin and coriander)
1/3 tsp cayenne (, adjust to heat preference)
1/2 tsp salt (, depends on if the tomatoes are salted. I use unsalted tomatoes and 3/4tsp salt.)
1 tsp sugar (or other sweetener)
2  green chilies (, chopped or 1/4 cup thinly sliced green bell pepper)
1 cup water
1 tsp dried fenugreek leaves ((or use 1/4 tsp ground mustard))
garam masala, cayenne, cilantro for garnish

Instructions:
Press the Tofu if you havent already while you prep the rest of the ingredients.&nbsp;Heat 1 tsp oil in a non stick or cast iron skillet. Add cubed tofu and cook until golden on most sides. 5 to 7 mins. Stir occasionally.
Combine tomatoes, cashews, ginger, garlic and spices in a saucepan over medium heat with 1/2 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 mins. Cool slightly and then blend. I usually let it cool while I cook the next 2 steps.
Heat 1 tsp oil in a skillet. Add bay leaves, onion and pinch of salt. Cook until onion is mostly golden.
Add the spices and mix in. Add the blended tomato mixture and cook for 10 mins or until it thickens a bit and develops a shine.
Add water, green chilies, salt and sugar and mix in. Add the panfried tofu and mix in and bring to a boil. Simmer for 2 mins. Taste and adjust salt, flavor. Add half of the fenugreek leaves and mix in. Take off heat and let sit for 5 mins. Garnish with garam masala and remaining fenugreek and cilantro. (for events, restaurant style flavor, mix a tbsp vegan butter in, and dress with cashew cream/vegan cream). Serve with flatbreads, rice or naan.&nbsp;
Store the dish or the sauce from 5 refrigerated for upto 3 days, freeze for upto a month.&nbsp;To use the sauce, heat with water, chili, salt, sugar, and protein such as panfried tofu, steamed tempeh, seitan, cooked chickpeas or roasted veggies and simmer for 5 mins to 15 mins depending on the ingredient used.&nbsp;