Ingredients:
1 teaspoon oil
1 head  cauliflower  (chopped into florets about 4 cups)
1 teaspoon oil
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
2  bay leaves
2  green cardamom pods (slightly opened)
1  clove (the spice clove )
1/2 teaspoon Dried fenugreek leaves
1 cup Packed thinly sliced onion
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon cayenne or Indian Red Chili Powder
1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
3 cloves garlic minced
1/2 inch ginger minced
1 tablespoon tomato paste  (or 1/4 cup canned tomato puree or you can also use fresh)
1/2 cup non-dairy yogurt (or use cashew cream or 1cup coconut milk )
1/2 teaspoon  salt
cilantro for garnish
1 teaspoon oil
1/2 teaspoon crushed coriander seeds ((use ground coriander if you don’t like crushed seeds))
1/2  hot green chili finely chopped (or use mild Anaheim or other )
1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion

Instructions:
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Once hot, add your cauliflower florets and cook for 8-10 minutes until some of the edges of the cauliflower are golden brown. Cover after the first 4 mins.
Remove the cauliflower from the skillet. Add the oil for the sauce.
Once the oil is hot, add in cumin seeds, bay leaves, cardamom, clove, and fenugreek leaves. Cook until the cumin seeds are fragrant and have changed in color.
Then add in onion and a good pinch of salt. Mix well and cook until the onion is golden.
Then add in the ground spices, garlic and ginger and mix well. Continue to cook for 2-3 minutes. If at any point, the mixture starts to stick or burn, add in a few splashes of water to deglaze.
Then add in the tomato paste and mix in. If you're using fresh tomato puree, you want to cook it here for 2-3 minutes before going to the next step.
Then add in the yogurt, salt, and mix in and bring to a boil. Add in 1 cup of water and the golden cauliflower.
Mix really well, cover, and cook over medium heat until the cauliflower is tender to preference. This will take about 7-10 minutes.
Meanwhile, make your tempering.  Heat the oil in a small skillet. When hot, Add in the crushed coriander seeds and green chili and cook until the green chili starts to turn golden.
Then add in the onion and add a pinch of salt and mix well. Continue to cook until the onion is golden. Top the cauliflower curry with this tempering before serving
Also before serving, remove the bay leaves, clove, and cardamom if you can find them. Serve with Naan flatbreads, pita bread, rotis, or rice.