Ingredients:
1 cup almond flour (blanched almond flour preferable )
3 tablespoons tapioca starch
2 tablespoons oat flour or use coconut flour to keep it grain-free
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon  salt
2 tablespoons powdered sugar (you can omit this. Add if you like the cookies sweeter)
1 tablespoon semi solid refined coconut oil
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 tablespoons maple syrup at room temperature
1 tablespoon cane sugar
2 ounces vegan semi sweet chocolate chips or chocolate chunks about 1/3 cup
2 teaspoons coconut oil
2 teaspoons maple syrup
a pinch of cinnamon or a drop of vanilla extract
a good pinch of salt

Instructions:
Add all the dry ingredients for the cookies in a bowl and mix really well.
Then melt your coconut oil and add it to the bowl. Add in your vanilla extract. Add in room temperature maple syrup and mix well until a good dough forms.
Once you have a smooth dough, check if it&#39;s too crumbly. Then add in a teaspoon or so more maple syrup if needed. refrigerate for atleast 15 minutes.
Remove the dough from the fridge and use a cookie scoop to scoop out equal size scoops and place on the baking sheet.
Use your hands to even each scoop out into a good even ball. Roll that ball into  cane sugar then press into a flat disk on the parchment-lined baking sheet. Use your thumb or 1 teaspoon measuring spoon to make the dents in the cookies.
Then bake the cookies for 13-14 minutes at 330 degrees Fahrenheit (165 c). Remove the baking sheet and cool for 5 minutes. The cookies might have risen a bit in the center. Use your measuring spoon to deepen the dents, then move the cookies to the cooling rack to cool.
Meanwhile, make your chocolate filling. Melt the chocolate with the rest of the ingredients in a double boiler , or microwave for 20 seconds and then mix and then microwave again for 5 seconds and mix and continue to do it until it&#39;s smooth.
Once the cookies have cooled for another 10 minutes, add the melted  chocolate and even it out on the top. Let it cool for another 10 minutes and serve.
Store on the counter in a covered container for upto a week. Or refrigerate for longer.