Ingredients:
12  small potatoes ((12 to 14))
Water
salt &amp; cayenne for baking
1 tbsp oil
1.5 tsp mustard seeds
10  fresh or frozen curry leaves (omit if you dont find them, chop the leaves for extra flavor.)
1/4 cup onion (finely chopped)
4 cloves of garlic (minced)
2 inch piece of ginger (peeled and minced)
1  hot green chile (finely chopped)
1/2 tsp turmeric ((1/2 to 3/4))
1/4 tsp cayenne ((1/4 to 1/2))
1/4 cup water
1/4 tsp salt
cilantro (lemon juice, salt, and mint(optional))

Instructions:
Pressure cook the potatoes in enough water to cover them. Cook on manual in Instant Pot(hi pressure) for 4 to 5 minutes depending on the size of the potatoes. Let the pressure release naturally. Alternatively, add to a large saucepan with water enough to cover the potatoes. Bring to a boil over medium high heat, then lower the heat to medium and cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the potatoes are tender to preference.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F / 220ºc. Peel the potatoes partially if you wish. Place on parchment lined baking sheet. Smash down with a saucepan. Chop into bite size smashed pieces if the potatoes are too larger. Brush oil on the potatoes. Add a good dash of salt and cayenne on each.
Bake at 425 degrees F / 220ºc for 16 to 18 minutes. Longer for crispier potatoes.
Meanwhile make your tempering: Heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat. When hot, add mustard seeds and let them start to pop. Keep a lid handy to avoid the pops hitting you. Add curry leaves, reduce heat to low or low-medium.
Add the chopped onion, ginger, garlic, chile. (I usually roughly chopped onion, whole garlic, ginger, chile all in the processor to finely chop to reduce time).
Cook for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden.
Add salt, turmeric, cayenne and mix in. Add 1/4 cup water and salt and mix in. Bring to almost a boil and Take off heat.
Place some of the tempering on each of the smashed potato bite. Sprinkle salt. add cilantro, some chopped mint if using, and drizzle of lemon juice. Serve.