Ingredients:
3/4 cup chopped red onion (heaped)
1 inch knob of ginger
3 cloves garlic
2 tablespoons water
1 teaspoon safflower or other neutral oil
 teaspoon cumin seeds
1  bay leaf
3  cloves
 teaspoon ground cinnamon
 teaspoon or more Garam Masala (or use 1/2 tsp ground coriander and generous pinches of ground cloves, cardamom and black pepper)
 teaspoon or more cayenne
1 cups canned or culinary coconut milk
 cup ripe mango pulp or puree (unsweetened or lightly sweetened canned)
 teaspoon or more salt (depends on if the chickpeas are salted)
1.5  cups cooked chickpeas (drained if canned)
1 tsp apple cider vinegar (optional)
Generous dash of cayenne (Garam Masala, chopped cilantro, for garnish)

Instructions:
In a blender, combine the onion, ginger, and garlic and blend into a smooth puree with 2 tablespoons or more of water. Alternatively, mince the onion, ginger and garlic and set aside.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the cumin seeds and cook for 1 minute or until the seeds change color. Add bay leaves, and cloves and cook until the bay leaf changes color.
Add the pureed onion and cook until the onion mixture is dry and does not smell raw (if you dont cook the onion long enough the sauce will taste oniony in the end). Stir occasionally to avoid sticking, 8 to 10 minutes (Cook time will be shorter with minced onion etc vs pureed.). Add cinnamon, garam masala and cayenne and mix well. Add the coconut milk, mango pulp, salt, and mix well.
Mix, cover and cook until the sauce comes to a boil, 5 minutes. Add chickpeas and mix in. Reduce the heat to low medium and cook uncovered until the sauce thickens and desired consistency is achieved, 10-15 minutes. Taste and adjust the salt and tang. Add lemon or vinegar for tang, add 1/2 tsp sugar or maple for sweetness if the mango was not sweet enough. Add a dash of black pepper. At this point you can fold in some baby greens. For creamier, fold in some vegan cream (cashew cream, soy cream etc).
Remove the Bay leaf and discard. If you can find the whole cloves, fish them out and discard. Garnish with cilantro and a good dash of garam masala and cayenne and serve hot over rice with roasted vegetables, or with flatbread. You can also add some cubed ripe mango as garnish.