Ingredients:
1/2 cup almonds
1/2 cup oats
1/2 cup self rising flour
1/4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 Tablespoon flax meal
1 Tablespoon Vegan butter
2 Tablespoons organic Canola oil
1/2 teaspoon cardamom powder (or cinnamon or allspice depending on your spice of choice)
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 Tablespoons raw sugar or Jaggery
3 Tablespoons agave syrup
6-8 Tablespoons warm water
1/2  a medium Apple
2 Tablespoons blueberries
1/4 cup water
2 Tablespoons raw sugar
1/4 teaspoon cardamom powder (or leave it out if you dont want the cardamom overdose)
5-6 Tablespoons Oats
1 Tablespoon Virgin Coconut oil or canola oil
1/3 cup self rising flour

Instructions:
Blend/grind the almonds and cardamom to make almond flour. Grind in 15 second pulses or you might get almond butter:)
Blend the oats into coarse oatmeal and keep aside.
In a bowl add 6 Tablespoons warm water , flax, sugar, softened butter , oil, agave and mix well. Let mixture sit for 2 minutes in between if the butter doesnt combine and mix again.
Add in the oats, almond flours, salt, baking soda and self rising and wheat flour and mix until just about combined.
Add more water if needed to get a thick batter(more like a stiff cookie batter, not a flowy cake batter). Keep 2 Tablespoons of the batter to add to the top crumble.
Drop and spread batter evenly in parchment lined pan.
For the crumble, blend apple, blueberries, water, cardamom and sugar into a puree. Some small apple pieces are fine.
Give the puree a boil on low heat and simmer for another minute till it thickens.
Once the puree is cooled to a warm state, add the rest of the ingredients and the reserve almond batter to make a crumble muffin batter. Add more water if needed to make it easier to spread( since this quantity is for a thin layer on top). You can also double the crumble and just drop on top.
Drop this on top the almond oat bottom and spread evenly.
Bake at preheated 350 degrees F for 25-35(depending on thickness) minutes until toothpick inserted comes out almost clean or the sides start to brown.
Let cool in pan for 5 minutes then remove parchment and cool on wire rack for another 10 minutes before slicing! Enjoy these snack bars anytime of the day!