Ingredients:
1/2 cup wheat flour (or 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 up bread crumbs)
2 Tablespoons ground raw cashew (or almond)
1 Tablespoon Oat flour
1 Tablespoon ground raw sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
a generous pinch of salt
a pinch of black salt/kala namak (optional)
1/4 cup sweet potato puree (well mashed boiled sweet potato or plain canned)
1 Tablespoon Oil
1-2 Tablespoons water
1/4 cup Oat flour
2 Tablespoons Brown rice flour
3 Tablespoons Tapioca starch
1/3 teaspoon baking powder
a pinch of salt
2 Tablespoons Sweet potato puree
1 teaspoon oil
2 teaspoons water
Variation: Add a Tablespoon of ground raw cashew for added texture and a tbsp soy flour for additional binding and moisture
1 cup ground raw sugar  (or other vegan sugar)
1 cup water
a pinch of salt
1/4 teaspoon cardamom powder o (r 2-3 cardamom pods seeds crushed)
1/4 teaspoon saffron strands

Instructions:
Mix all the dry ingredients in a bowl.&nbsp;Add the wet and mix well.
The wheat dough should be soft and non sticky. Use a few teaspoons more water or wheat flour if needed.
The glutenfree dough will be soft, more like a very thick batter and will get a bit dryer and more dough like after the 10 minutes.
Cover the doughs with a towel and let sit for 10 minutes till you prep the sugar syrup and heat up the oil.
Oil your hands and Make balls of the dough with a light hand. 1/2-3/4 inch size balls.
Once the oil is hot, fry the balls on medium heat. The wheat balls will double in size and the glutenfree ones will increase to 1.5 times the size, so fry in small batches to keep enough space and cook evenly. If the oil is too hot, the jamuns will get dark quickly Or crack open and not cook from the inside.Turn them around every 2 minutes.
Remove the balls once golden brown all over, not dark brown.(6-8 minutes). Let the balls sit out for a minute before adding to the hot sugar syrup.
Place the balls in hot sugar syrup. keep the sugar syrup on low heat. Turn them around after 5 minutes and switch heat off. The balls soak unevenly for the first few minutes and look uneven too, but will even out after some time.
Let them soak for at least half an hour. turn them around every 10 minutes. Serve warm or cold. Keep refrigerated for upto 3 days.