Ingredients:
2  large ripe bananas or 3 medium (1 cup if well mashed, heaping 1 cup if sliced)
1/2 cup smooth almond butter or peanut butter (softened)
3/4 cup non dairy milk  (such as almond, coconut, cashew or soy)
3 to 5 tbsp coconut sugar or other sugar (depends on the sweetness of the bananas)
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/3 cup cocoa powder
2 tbsp oil (optional, use with gluten-free blends or for keeping muffins moist for longer storage)
1 1/2 cup fluffed flour (scant) (I use 1 cup unbleached white flourand 1/2 scant cup whole wheat))
2¼ tsp baking powder
¼ tsp baking soda
1 tsp ground spices or spice blend of choice (I use ¾ tsp cinnamon, ¼ tsp nutmeg, a big pinch of ground cloves)
¼ tsp salt
¼ cup oats
1/4 cup vegan chocolate chunks
3 tbsp walnuts or vegan chocolate chips for topping

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C ). Line a muffin pan with liners.
In a blender, add all the wet ingredients and blend until smooth. Alternatively, mash the banana until there are no lumps. Add the rest of the wet ingredients and mix to make a smooth mixture.
Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, spices and salt to the blender and pulse once or twice to combine. Use a spatula to mix in any dry flour pockets. If the mixture is stiff(depends on the type of flour and if the flour was compacted etc), fold in 1 to 2 tbsp non dairy milk. Alternatively, add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, spices and salt to the wet bowl and mix until just about combined. Fold in the oats and chocolate chunks in the batter in the blender or bowl. At this point or the while pouring into the pan, you can fold in additional almond butter or softened peanut butter for nut butter swirls in the muffins.
Pour the mixture into the lined pan. Top with nuts or chocolate chips.
Bake at 350 degrees F&nbsp; / 180ºc for 23 to 26 minutes or until a toothpick from the center comes out almost clean. Cool for 10 minutes in the pan, then cool on the counter (covered by a light towel to keep the moisture in) and serve or store. Store on the counter covered, for up to 2 days and refrigerate for up to a week.