Ingredients:
3/4 cup finely chopped chickpea tofu  (or pressed and chopped firm tofu)
1 tsp olive oil
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
1 tbsp balsamic vinegar
2 tsp maple syrup (, or use sugar/sweetener of choice)
1/4 tsp salt  (or 1 tsp soy sauce/liquid aminos for soyfree)
8 oz Spaghetti
2 tbsp olive oil
3 cloves of garlic (, finely chopped)
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes (, divided , use less for less heat)
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper ((use less for less heat))
1/3 cup vegan parm ((recipe below) or use other store bought parm)
1/2 cup pasta water
1/2 to 1 tsp freshly ground black pepper
chopped parsley or basil or othr herbs for garnish
1/3 cup almond flour (, (or a mix of 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds blended into a coarse meal and 2 tbsp breadcrumbs for nut-free))
1 tsp nutritional yeast
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp lime juice
1/2 tsp lime or lemon zest
1/2 tsp brine from pickle jar or pickled jalapeno, or use 1/4 tsp white vinegar

Instructions:
Cook the spaghetti according to instructions on the package and set aside
Make the Smoky Chickpea Tofu: Heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat. When hot, Add the chickpea tofu (or pressed and chopped firm tofu). Mix for a few seconds. add the rest of the ingredients and mix well. cook until the sauce thickens. Taste carefully and adjust flavor with more salt, vinegar or maple. and a few drops of liquid smoke for extra smokyness. (This topping is optional, there is tons of flavor in the pasta + vegan parm!)
Make the Parm: Mix everything under parm until it resembles fat crumbs. Press and mix a couple of times. Taste and adjust salt and zest.
Pasta: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium low heat. Add garlic and cook for half a minute. Add the black pepper and half the pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is golden
Add half of the parm and pasta water and bring to a good simmer. Add the spaghetti and toss to coat.
Sprinkle in rest of the parm, half the smoky tofu, black pepper, remaining pepper flakes and parsley and toss lightly and serve. Top each bowl with more smoky chickpea tofu.Store: Refrigerate for upto 2 days. The pasta absorbs moisture on sitting so Reheat with some water or broth.