Ingredients:
1/2 cup rice
1 cup water
1  large ripe Tomato
1/4 cup onion
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon chili powder or to taste
1/4 teaspoon cumin powder
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
Additions: a Tablespoon of tomato paste or a 1/4 cup fresh salsa.
2 Tablespoons hot sauce + 1 Tablespoon Sriracha + 1-2 Tablespoons melted earth balance butter/oil
Or 2 Tablespoons Sriracha + 2 Tablespoons extra virgin olive oil + 2 teaspoons vinegar
Or 1/3 cup of your favorite Buffalo sauce
Tortillas or lavash bread
1  package 4 oz 3 grain Tempeh (use gluten-free Tempeh or black beans for gf)
1  Red bell pepper thinly sliced or equivalent roasted red bell pepper
bunch of Kale (rinsed and chopped)
cilantro or parlsey (chopped)
Oil as needed

Instructions:
For the Spanish rice:
Wash and rinse the rice.
Toast the rinsed rice in about 1 teaspoon of oil for 2 minutes.
Blend the tomato and onion (and a pickled jalapeno if using) into a chunky puree.Add the tomato onion puree and spices and water to the rice.
Mix well, cover and cook on low-medium heat, until rice is tender. 15-20 minutes.
Add a few Tablespoons chunky salsa into the rice when done (optional).
For the Tempeh:
Slice the Tempeh into thin 1/4 inch slices. (Steam Tempeh before using to reduce the bitter taste if that is bothersome. Boil for 8 minutes in water, slice and use).
Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a pan and heat on medium heat. Add the tempeh to the pan and cook on both sides until golden brown. 2-3 minutes each side.
Remove tempeh from pan and Add 2-3 tablespoons of Buffalo sauce, enough to coat and let it sit until ready to use. This can be made ahead and kept.
In the same pan, roast the red bell peppers in a little oil until brown on the edges. Or slice roasted red bell peppers and use.
Assemble the wrap:
Prep and start the rice for cooking. Meanwhile, make the buffalo tempeh.
Roast/cook the red bell peppers. Then chop and blanch(cook in boiling water for a minute or 2) or massage the kale and keep ready. or use raw washed Kale.
Place the tortillas on a napkin or work surface.
Spread buffalo sauce on the wrap. Or use hummus spiked with the buffalo sauce.
Top with spanish rice. Top with Tempeh.
Top with Kale, then Red Bell pepper
Top with cilantro or parsley.
Sprinkle salt and pepper.
Roll it up. Cut and serve or carry for lunch.
Serve the leftover Spanish rice(there might be some left) on the side.