Ingredients:
1 tsp Oil
1/2 cup Uncooked Quinoa
1 cup Water
1/4 tsp Salt
Generous Pinch of Cayenne Pepper
1 Tbsp Urad Dal (Split Black Gram, or use mung dal (petite yellow lentils))
1 Tbsp Toor Dal (Split Pigeon Pea, or use any split pea)
2 tsp Coriander Seeds
1/4 tsp Black Peppercorns
1 tsp Oil
1/2 tsp Mustard Seeds
1/2 tsp Urad Dal (Black Gram, or use mung dal (petite yellow lentils))
12  Curry Leaves, coarsely chopped
1 cup Potato, cubed, 3/4 inch pieces (1 medium potato)
1/2 cup Cubed Pumpkin, loaded, 3/4 inch pieces (Butternut, or other squash)
1/2 cup Peas (Fresh or Frozen, thawed)
1/2 cup chopped Red Bell Pepper, 1/2 inch (1/2 medium pepper)
1/2 tsp Red Pepper Flakes, to taste
1-2 tsp Tamarind Paste
1 Tbsp Water
1/2 tsp Turmeric
3/4 tsp Salt
1-2 tsp Lemon Juice, for garnish
2 Tbsp Cilantro, for garnish

Instructions:
Cook the quinoa: Wash and drain quinoa. Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the quinoa and roast for a minute. Add the water, salt, and cayenne. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low-medium and cook for 15 minutes.
Dry roast the dals, coriander, and pepper corns for 2 minutes over medium heat, stirring occasionally, or until the dals change color. Cool and blend/grind to a powder.
In a large skillet over medium heat, add oil. When the oil is hot, about 2 minutes, add the mustard seeds, urad dal, and curry leaves. Cook for half a minute, or until the seeds start to pop and the dal changes color.
Add potato and pumpkin. Mix, cover, and cook for 10 minutes. Stir once or twice in between. Add a few tsp of water to deglaze if the potatoes start to stick.
Add the peas, bell pepper, red pepper flakes, and mix well. Cover and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 8 minutes. Mix the tamarind paste in 1 Tbsp water (or blend with the ground spices in the blender) and add to the pan. Add the ground spices, turmeric, and salt. Mix well to coat.
Add the cooked quinoa and mix well. Cover and cook for 2 minutes. Let sit for 5 minutes for the flavors to infuse. Fluff, taste, and adjust salt and spice.
Add a good dash of lemon juice and cilantro, mix in, and serve.