Ingredients:
15 oz  Can of chickpeas (or 1.5 cups cooked )
2 cups cubed sweet potato
1 tablespoon barbeque sauce
1 teaspoon oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/4 teaspoon cayenne (optional)
1/4 teaspoon ground mustard
1 cup sliced bell pepper
salt and black pepper for roasting the bell pepper
3-5 cups  baby greens ( or mixed spring greens)
1 cup of juicy fruit such as apples or pear
1/4 cup of nuts or seeds of choice  (such as pecans or pumpkin seeds or hemp seeds)
3 tablespoons tahini
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 to 1/3 cup  warm water

Instructions:
In a bowl, add in the chickpeas and sweet potatoes. Add in the barbeque sauce and oil and toss well to coat.
Then add in all the spices and herbs and mix well to coat evenly.
Spread this mixture on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
In another bowl, add the the bell pepper, salt, and pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon of oil and toss well. Then spread the bell pepper on the same baking sheet or a different sheet. Use separate parchment if using same baking sheet on one side so that you can remove it when the bell pepper gets done.
Bake at 400 degrees Fahrenheit (205 c)  for 25-30 minutes. Bell pepper might get  roasted m by the 20-minute mark so you can remove the bell pepper from the baking sheet and move the sweet potatoes and chickpeas around for even baking
Bake until the sweet potatoes are done to preference and chickpeas are slightly crispy to preference.
To make the tahini dressing, mix all the ingredients in a bowl. Add 1/4 cup water and mix. it will take a minute for the tahini to mix with the water.
Once the mixture is well combined the tahini dressing will thicken a bit, you can adjust the consistency by adding more water as needed. Taste and adjust flavor if needed.
To assemble, add a good helping of your salad greens to a bowl. Add a good helping of the chickpeas and sweet potatoes over the salad greens and bell peppers, fruit, nuts, or seeds, and a good helping of the tahini dressing all over and serve immediately.