Ingredients:
8 tablespoons (1/2 cup) vegan butter, softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 1/4 cups canned pumpkin
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2 1/2 cups all purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon cinnamon
2 teaspoons ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon salt
8 tablespoons (1/2 cup) vegan butter, softened
3 cups powdered sugar
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1-2 tablespoons non-dairy milk, as needed

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, cream together the vegan butter with both the white and brown sugars. You can use a hand mixer or even a large wooden spoon if needed. Next, mix in 1 1/4 cups canned pumpkin (you won&#x27;t use quite the whole can!) and vanilla, until well combined and smooth.
Now add the flour to the bowl, and sprinkle the baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger and salt on top of the flour. Stir until just combined and a dough is formed. The dough will be wetter than most cookies, but do not worry, that is correct.
Place heaping tablespoons (about 1 1/2-2 tablespoons) on the prepared baking sheet. Flatten the cookie somewhat, as they will not spread much during baking. The dough will be sticky, so wet your hands before pressing down. Not so much that they are dripping, but just so the dough won&#x27;t stick.
Bake for 11-14 minutes, until the tops are no longer shiny. The cookies will have puffed up a bit as well. Remove from the oven and let them sit on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a cooling rack.
Make the Frosting: Using a hand mixer, beat the softened vegan butter for about 2 minutes until creamy, then add the powdered sugar, apple cider vinegar and vanilla and beat everything together until smooth and creamy, adding a tablespoon of non-dairy milk at a time as needed. If you add too much milk and it gets runny, you will need to add more powdered sugar.
Once the cookies have cooled completely, frost generously and sprinkle with a little bit of cinnamon or nutmeg, if desired.