Ingredients:
10 oz spaghetti ( or other similar pasta)
1 tsp oil
2 cups cauliflower florets (, small florets)
1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper
2 tbsp chopped parsley or other fresh herbs such as basil or oregano or a mix
pinch of salt
1 tbsp olive oil
4 cloves of garlic (, minced or finely chopped)
3/4 cups breadcrumbs made from 2 slices of bread
1 tbsp almond flour (, optional)
1 tsp lemon zest
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley (or more)
pepper flakes, lemon juice, olive oil for garnish

Instructions:
Cook the spaghetti according to instruction on the package, rinse in cold water and set aside. You can start the water and add the spaghetti when boiling, around the time the cauliflower is done.
Cook the Cauliflower: Heat a cast iron skillet over medium high heat. When the skillet is evenly hot, add oil. Add the cauliflower and toss. Let the cauliflower cook for 3 to 4 mins until browning on some edges. Move it around once in between. Add black pepper or pepper flakes, a good dash salt, parsley and toss well. Cover and cook for another 2-3 mins (this will steam cook the cauliflower). Cook time will depend on the stove and the size of the cauliflower. Cook until al dente. Remove from the skillet.
Make the breadcrumbs by pulsing bread in a food processor until coarse crumbs. Heat the same skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil and garlic and cook for 1-2 mins until the garlic is just starting to turn translucent and fragrant. Add the breadcrumbs and toss well. Cook for 6 to 8 mins or until nicely toasted(dark golden, not brown/burnt. Reduce heat if needed for gentle toasting). Stir occasionally.
Add in the optional almond flour, zest, salt and pepper and mix well. Reserve a tbsp of parsley for garnish and add the rest to the mixture. Mix well and remove 2/3 of the breadcrumbs from the skillet.
Add the spaghetti and toss well to coat. If the noodles are drying, add 2-3 tbsp water and toss. Take off heat.
Divide the noodles into serving dishes. sprinkle liberally with the toasted breadcrumb mixture and lightly toss. Add some vegan parm if you have. Add blistered cauliflower, some olive oil or lemon juice, generous dash of red pepper flakes and serve immediately.
This dish is best served fresh as the toasted breadcrumbs are crisp, spaghetti has enough moisture, and cauliflower is crisp and flavorful when hot. Add some roasted cherry tomatoes(see notes) or vegan cheese shreds for additional moisture. If planning to store, then store the breadcrumb mixture separately.