Ingredients:
1.5 cups oat flour
1/3 cup almond flour
1/3 cup cocoa powder
1/4 cup brown sugar ( or coconut sugar)
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/3 cup maple syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tsp oil (optional)
2-3 teaspoons non-dairy milk
3 tbsp vegan mini chocolate chips
15 oz can full fat coconut milk
1/2 cup raw cashews  (soaked in hot water for 15 minutes)
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract or vanilla powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup blueberries
2 tablespoons maple syrup
1 teaspoon lime juice
1 teaspoon corn starch
1 teaspoon water

Instructions:
To make the chocolate cookie dough layer, add the oat flour, almond flour, cocoa, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon in a bowl and mix well.
Then add in the wet ingredients, maple syrup, oil and vanilla extract. Mix well. Use your hands to mix and knead into a mixture that starts to stick with itself.
You might need to add a little bit of milk. Just sprinkle in milk a little at a time until the mixture starts to stick to each other. You don&#39;t have to form a dough. It just needs to be able to stick when pressed. Mix in 3 tablespoons of chocolate chips and set aside
Line a 9 x 5 loaf pan with parchment paper. Press half of the dough mixture for the bottom layer of the ice cream sandwiches.
For the ice cream, drain the cashews and add them to the blender. Add the rest of the ingredients and blend until the mixture is smooth.
You might have to blend it 3 or 4 times. I usually blend mine for a minute. Let it sit for 3 or 4 minutes then blend again until the mixture is really smooth.
Add this mixture to a saucepan over medium heat and bring to a gentle simmer. Stir frequently to avoid lumps and sticking to the bottom. This heating helps to thicken the mixture a bit and also remove any water content which might make the ice cream icy when it freezes. Take off heat when evenly thickened
Let it cool for 10-15 minutes then add into your loaf pan and even it out.
To make the blueberry compote, add the blueberries and maple syrup to a saucepan. Cook over medium heat until the blueberries start to burst. Mash the berries and continue to cook to evaporate the excess moisture for 2-4 mins.
Mix cornstarch in the lime juice and water and add to this blueberry mixture and continue to cook for another minute to thicken.
Let this compote cool for 10 minutes then add to the ice cream layer in the loaf pan and swirl it in.
Freeze the loaf pan for a few hours until the ice cream layer is completely frozen.
Then use the remaining cookie dough mixture and press on top of the frozen ice cream. Freeze again and once completely frozen, you can slice the ice cream sandwiches.
The ice cream sandwiches will feel a bit hard straight from  the freezer. Let them sit at room temperature for 10 minutes and then serve.