Ingredients:
5 cups cut or cubed vegetables (see Note)
2 tablespoons olive oil
5 cups vegetable broth
2 tablespoons vegan butter
1  shallot, chopped small (or half a sweet onion)
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 cups arborio rice
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme
1 cup shredded vegan parmesan cheese (I used Violife)
salt, to taste
few shakes black pepper
chopped parsley, optional for garnish

Instructions:
Roast the vegetables: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Add the cut and cubed vegetables/squash. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, then bake for 20-30 minutes until tender and lightly browned. While the squash bakes, make the risotto on the stovetop.
Warm the broth: Heat the vegetable broth in a large pot over medium-low heat until warm, but not boiling. This is for adding to the risotto, and it needs to be warm.
Make the Risotto: In a large sauté pan over medium heat, add the vegan butter and let it melt. Now add the shallot and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter, sautéing for about 2 more minutes.
Next, add the white wine and stir constantly until the wine is fully absorbed. Stir in the fresh herbs.
Add 1/2 cup of the warm broth, and stir until absorbed. Continue adding 1/2 cup broth at a time, stirring frequently until absorbed each time, until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is al dente (tender, yet slightly chewy), about 20-30 minutes. The heat should be high enough that the rice/broth is bubbling soon after you add it, but not boiling too much or the liquid will absorb too quickly.
Once all the liquid is absorbed, remove from heat and stir in the grated vegan parmesan cheese. Add salt and pepper, to taste.
To serve, place in bowls and add a good serving of roasted vegetables, as well as a sprinkle of parsley and more vegan parmesan, if desired. Enjoy!