Ingredients:
1 cup almond flour
3 tbsp coconut flour
2 tbsp potato starch
2 tbsp tapioca starch
1.5 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 tsp cinnamon
2 tbsp sugar (, fine or powdered)
1 tbsp oil
1/3 cup non dairy milk (such as almond or coconut)
a few drops of vanilla extract
1 tsp lemon juice
2.5 tbsp sugar (, I use a mix of coconut sugar and fine brown sugar or fine cane sugar)
1 tsp cinnamon

Instructions:
Mix the dry ingredients in a bowl until well combined
Add the oil to the bowl. Mix lemon juice and vanilla into non dairy milk. Let sit for a few seconds then add to the bowl.
Mix well to make a soft dough. Press and mix to combine. If too dry, then add 1-2 tsp more milk. (If the dough is a bit too sticky add potato starch and coconut flour 1 tsp at a time.)
Press and shape the dough between 2 parchments into a somewhat square. (you don need a rolling pin, just press with your palms to even it out)
Remove top parchment. Spray or brush oil or melted vegan butter on the rolled out dough.  Mix cinnamon and sugar and sprinkle all over.
Roll the dough from one end carefully using the parchment to roll it and reduce sticking to your hands. The first turn might break the dough which is ok. Just stick it back. Slowly peel parchment away while rolling.
Use a thread or floss to slice. The dough is soft so it might tend to break off. Handle delicately and transfer to a greased stoneware dish. (6 inch or larger)
Steam for 17 mins in a steamer or instant pot.Instant Pot: Add 1.5 cups water and start saute. Once the water gets hot, just about boiling, switch off saute. Place a trivet in the pot in the hot water. Place the cinnamon roll dish on the trivet. Close the lid. Now you can cook them 2 ways.Option 1: Press &quot;Steam&quot; on &quot;low Pressure&quot; with the vent on &quot;Sealing&quot;, add time for 17 minutes. When the time is up, quick release. Option 2: Press &quot;Steam&quot; on high pressure, with the vent on &quot;venting&quot;. The timer will not work, so use an external timer to count to 17 mins. Quick release.
Carefully remove the dish. Cool for 5 mins, then add an icing of choice and serve. Simple icing: Add a few tsp of non dairy milk to 1/4 cup powdered sugar to make a thin icing. I like thin icing with these rolls as it keeps the rolls moist.