Ingredients:
1/2 cup red lentils
3 tbsp oil
3 tbsp maple syrup
1/2 cup vegan semi sweet chocolate chips (( or a mix of semi sweet and dark))
4 tbsp raw sugar ((1 tbsp more for sweeter))
1/3 cup nut butter ((I like cashew butter), Use sunflower seed butter, use a bit more for crispier brownies.)
1.5 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 cup flour of choice (white, oat or glutenfree blend for gluten-free (add a tbsp starch if using gf flour and not a blend)  )
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 cup vegan chocolate chips to top and mix in.

Instructions:
Line a brownie pan with parchment paper ( I use 8 by 8 inch). Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F/180ºc . (9 by 5 loaf pan also works.)
Rinse the red lentils. Drain and add to a saucepan. Add 1.5 cups of water and cook over medium heat. Cook for 12 to 13 minutes or until the lentils are cooked (total time including coming to a boil). Stir once in between. Cool for a few minutes, then drain any excess water from the saucepan (there should be hardly any) and add the lentils to a food processor.&nbsp;process until somewhat smooth. (Or use a cup of cooked chickpeas instead)
Heat maple syrup and oil in a skillet over medium heat. When hot, add chocolate and sugar and mix. Take off heat. Continue to mix until chocolate is melted and well combined.
Add the melted chocolate and the rest of the ingredients to the food processor and process until a smooth batter. Add 1 tbsp Cocoa powder for darker brownies (depends on the chocolate used). Add spices such as cinnamon, or fold in chopped walnuts for variation. **
Pour into prepared brownie pan. Sprinkle 2 tbsp chocolate chips on top and mix them in. Sprinkle more to top. (I like to use mini chocolate chips to top). Bake for 34 to 36 minutes. Bake them a bit longer for more set and crispier edges. Check with a toothpick from the center if too soft/wet.
Cool for 15 minutes before slicing and serving. Refrigerate for upto 4 days, freeze for later. The brownie texture improves after refrigeration for a bit.