Ingredients:
1 tsp oil  (or 2 tbsp broth)
1 cup chopped onion
3  garlic cloves (, minced)
2 tbsp minced fresh rosemary and thyme or 2 tsp dried, I like 1.5 tsp rosemary and 1/2 tsp thyme
1/4 tsp fresh black pepper
1 lb mixed mushrooms (, thinly sliced )
1/4  tsp  salt
1.5 tbsp balsamic vinegar
2 tsp soy sauce (, tamari for gluten-free)
5  chard leaves (stems removed and finely chopped, or use spinach (or omit if you dont like greens in pot pie :)))
2 tbsp wheat flour or cornstarch for thickening
1.5 cup veggie broth or water
1 1/4 cup cooked cannellini beans or other white beans
1  medium sweet potato thinly sliced (, or use yukon gold/russet potato)
2 tsp olive oil
salt and pepper to taste
1 tsp  fresh rosemary (or 1/2 tsp dried or other herbs of choice)

Instructions:
Add oil to a skillet over medium heat, or add 2 tbsp broth for oil-free. Add the garlic and onion and cook for 3 mins.
Add in the herbs and black pepper and mix for a few seconds to infuse the oil. Add the mushrooms and salt and toss well. Cook for 5 to 7 mins or until some edges are golden.
Add in the balsamic and soy sauce and mix well. Add in the chard and cook for a minute to wilt.
Add the flour and mix in. (If using starch, mix starch with 1/4 cup water and add at next step when the stock is boiling). Add the veggie broth and mix well.
Add the beans. Bring to a boil to thicken. Taste and adjust flavor carefully with salt, herbs.. Preheat the oven to 375 deg F (190 C)
Transfer the mixture to 3 or 4 baking ramekins or one 9 by 9 inch or larger baking dish. Cover the mushroom bean mixture with sliced sweet potato. Overlap the potatoes as they will shrink.
Brush olive oil on the sweet potato,, sprinkle salt, pepper and herbs of choice.
Bake at 375 deg F for 35 mins or until the sweet potato slices are tender in the middle. If thy are crisping up too much, cover the dish/dishes with parchment for the last 10 mins.
Store: The baked pie will keep refrigerated for 3 days. To freeze, freeze baked pie covered with foil or wrap that touches to top to prevent freezer burn. Freeze for upto a month. Thaw for 15 mins then reheat in the oven until bubbly.If freezing before baking, then freeze just the filling and not the sweet potato. Add the sweet potato crust or other crust of choice and bake for 35 mins or until golden.