Ingredients:
3/4 cup oat flour (use certified gf oats)
1/3 cup brown rice flour ( or white rice flour)
1/2 cup starch like arrowroot or tapioca
1/4 tsp salt
1.5 tsp baking powder
more oat flour or rice flour for rolling
1/2 cup chilled pumpkin puree
1/4 cup cold non dairy milk
1 Tbsp oil
3 Tbsp sugar
1.5 to 2 tsp pumpkin spice
2.5 tbsp flax seed meal  (or chia seed meal)
2 tsp psyllium husk (or use flax seed meal)
2 to 3 Tbsp melted vegan butter or oil (you can also just brush or spray oil to use less)
1/3 cup or more coconut sugar ( or brown sugar)
1 to 2 Tbsp cinnamon  (or pumpkin pie spice)

Instructions:
In a bowl, mix the pumpkin puree, milk, sugar, spice, flax and psyllium husk, spices. Mix well for a minute and let sit for 2 minutes.
in another bowl mix the flours and salt. (For a sturdier dough which is easy to roll, add 1 tsp xanthan gum).
Add flours to wet. Mix well. Knead for a minute until a soft sticky dough.
Let the dough sit for 5 minutes.
Using generous amounts of flour on both sides, roll out the dough into a 9 by 12 inch rectangle on parchment. Do not roll too thin. Make sure to use enough flour on the bottom as well.
Brush with vegan butter or oil, sprinkle sugar and cinnamon all over, keep an inch from the edges without the filling. Do not overfill these rolls or add nuts or other filling as the dough is delicate.
Roll from the long side carefully. The dough will be prone to breaking if it was not floured well or rolled too thin. Just stick it too itself as you roll.
Seal with edges with a little water. Slice and place close in a parchment lined pan or baking sheet.
Spray water on the rolls, then brush or spray oil. Place another parchment on top. (This is important, because gf baked goods tend to dry out a lot. You want to capture the moisture during the baking to keep them moist).
Bake in pre-heated 375 degrees F / 190c for 22 to 25 mins. Remove the top parchment in the last 2 minutes.
Let the rolls cool for a minute. Drizzle generously with Pumpkin caramel (recipe below) or Lime coconut glaze from my regular cinnamon rolls post and serve warm.