Ingredients:
1 tbsp balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp soy sauce ( or tamari)
1/2 tsp dried basil
1/2 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp vegan worcestershire sauce
1/4 cup breadcrumbs
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
1/2 tsp garlic
1/4 tsp salt
2 tsp nutritional yeast  (, optional)
1/2 cup raw cashews (,preferably soaked in water for a few hours and drained, use macadamia nuts to make cashew-free)
1 cup + 2 tbsp water
2 tsp extra virgin olive oil
1  small garlic clove
3/4 tsp salt
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
a pinch of onion powder
1/2 tsp miso
1 tsp flour ((rice flour or 2 tsp potato starch for glutenfree))
3  Burger buns
3  large Portobello caps
spinach or greens
sliced tomato
fresh herbs

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 400 deg F(205 C). Mix the marinade ingredients well. Brush the mushroom caps and then drizzle some on the other side and let the mushrooms sit to marinade for 15 mins.
Place in baking dish. Cover with parchment and Bake at 400 F for 20 to 25   mins or until a knife goes through easily.
Meanwhile make the garlic mozzarella cream sauce: Blend all the ingredients until smooth, add to a skillet and cook for 6 to 8 mins to thicken evenly. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Cool the sauce for a few mins. It will thicken quite a bit on cooling.
Prep the breading by mixing all the ingredients in a bowl.
Take the portobellos out of the baking dish. Brush more of the marinade all over carefully. The marinade will help the breadcrumb coating stick.&nbsp;
Add some of the mozzarella garlic cream sauce to each portobello mushroom.&nbsp; then place place the caps cream side up in the breading and coat well by sprinkling all over.
Place in the baking dish again. Spray oil if needed.&nbsp;Bake at 425 deg F (220 C) for 7 to 10 mins or until golden.
Assemble the burger. Toast the buns if needed.&nbsp;Add layers of greens of choice, some sliced tomato or chunky marinara. Then the crispy breaded portobello and a good drizzle of the cashew sauce. Sprinkle some fresh basil, thyme or other fresh or dried herbs and pepper flakes. Place the toasted bun and serve immediately.
To store: The breading on top will soften after a while because of the stuffed mozzarella cream. You can store the stuffed, but unbreaded mushrooms in the refrigerator for upto 2 days, then bread and bake as needed.&nbsp;You can also bread the mushrooms without adding mozzarella cream and those will stay crispy for longer. Add mozzarella cream to dress when ready to serve.&nbsp;