Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups unsweetened soy milk
1 tablespoon dried culinary lavender
1/2 cup aquafaba (liquid from a can of chickpeas)
8 tablespoons (1/2 cup) vegan butter, softened to room temperature
1/2 cup neutral flavored oil (grapeseed/vegetable/canola)
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest
1 tablespoon pure lemon extract
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
3 cups cake flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup fresh blueberries, plus more for decorating
1 1/2 cups vegan butter, barely softened
4 cups powdered sugar, plus more as needed
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2-3 tablespoons unsweetened soy milk
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
optional: few drops purple food coloring
optional: 1/2 cup blueberry jam

Instructions:
Lavender milk: Heat the soy milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until just simmering, then remove from heat and add in the lavender. Let it steep for 25 minutes, then strain the milk through a fine strainer and discard the lavender.  Cool completely before adding to cake batter.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease three 6 inch cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment rounds (I cut them out myself to fit the bottom of the pans to prevent sticking.) Or make a double layer cake by using two 8 or 9 inch round cake pans.
Aquafaba: In a medium sized bowl, drain the chickpeas to collect the liquid from the can. Measure 1/2 cup of aquafaba. With a hand mixer, mix on medium-high speed for 1 minute, until light and foamy. Don&#039;t mix it so much it forms soft peaks. Set aside.
In a large bowl, add the softened butter, oil, sugar and lemon zest. Beat on medium speed with a handheld mixer (or stand mixer with whisk attachment) until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Now add in the lemon and vanilla extracts and beat to combine.
On low speed, add in the lavender milk and aquafaba and mix. Now add the flour, sprinkle the baking powder and salt on top of the flour and mix on low until well combined, about 1-2 minutes, scraping the sides as needed with a spatula. Do not over mix. Fold in the blueberries.
Divide the batter equally in the prepared pans. Bake for 30-35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Let cool on wire racks for 5-10 minutes, then run a knife around the edges to loosen, and carefully invert the cakes onto your hand. Remove the parchment paper and place on a wire rack to cool completely.
Make the frosting: Using a stand mixer or hand mixer, beat the vegan butter until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed, add in the 2 cups of the powdered sugar, lemon juice and vanilla extract. Beat on low, then switch to medium speed and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Now add in the remaining 2 cups powdered sugar and mix. If the frosting seems too thick, add a tablespoon at a time of non-dairy milk. If the frosting seems too thin, add more powdered sugar until a desirable consistency is reached. If desired, add a few drops of purple food coloring.
Frost the cake: Place one of the cake layers on your cake stand or plate. Frost the top evenly, and spread a thin layer of jam on top of the frosting, if desired. Place the second cake layer on top. Top the second layer with more frosting and more jam. Repeat for the third layer, then frost the sides. Decorate with fresh blueberries, lemon slices and a little sprinkle of lavender, as desired. Enjoy!