Ingredients:
14 oz firm tofu (pressed for 15 mins then cubed)
2 tsp minced ginger
4 cloves of garlic minced
1 tsp apple cider or white vinegar
2 tsp lemon juice
1/3 tsp salt
1 tsp  ground coriander
3/4 tsp ground cumin
1/3 tsp cayenne or use paprika for less heat
1 tsp oil or spray some later (, omit for oilfree)
1 tbsp cornstarch
2 tsp oil (, see note for oilfree)
1 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp cayenne (or use scant 1/4 tsp for less heat)
1/2 tsp smoked paprika (or Kashmiri chili powder, use regular sweet paprika for less heat)
1 tbsp minced ginger
1/3 cup finely chopped onion
1  green chili (, chopped (use 1/4 cup bell pepper for less heat))
3   large tomatoes pureed (, or 15 oz can diced with juices)
1/4 cup water to rinse out the blender
1/4 cup cashews blended with 1 cup water ((see note for nutfree), 1/3 cup for creamier)
1/2 tsp salt (, less or more to preference)
1 tsp sugar or sweetener
cilantro for garnish

Instructions:
Blend the ginger garlic vinegar and lemon, or mince and combine in a bowl. Add to the cubed tofu. Add the spices, salt and oil and mix in. Add cornstarch and toss lightly to coat.
Spread the cubes on parchment lined sheet. Bake at 400 deg F (205 C) for 20- 25 mins. (For a quicker recipe, skip the spices etc(add some more to the sauce), pan fry pressed and cubed tofu until golden and use.)
Sauce: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add oil. Once hot (not smoking) add the cayenne and paprika and cook for a few seconds.
Add cumin and coriander and cook for a few seconds. it should be bubbly and you should smell or sneeze the spices.
Add ginger, onion, chili and mix in. Add a good pinch of salt. Cook for a minute 2 until the chili is golden
Add the pureed tomato, salt, and sugar and mix in. Cook until the tomato puree thickens.
Add cashew milk and bring to a just about a boil. Add the baked tofu and mix in. Simmer for 6 to 8 mins to thicken and for the flavors to develop. Taste and adjust salt and sweet. Remove from heat. Let it sit for another few mins for flavors to meld. Garnish with cilantro and chili.
The sauce thickens as it sits. Add 1/2 cup of water or non-dairy milk if needed when reheating. Serve with flatbread or rice or add to a bowl.