Ingredients:
1 tsp oil (or use 2 tbsp broth for oil-free)
2  bay leaves
3  green cardamom pods ( opened)
3  cloves
1  cinnamon stick ((2 inch))
1/2  onion (finely chopped)
1  tomato
1 tbsp tomato paste
4 cloves of garlic
1/2 inch ginger ((1/2 inch cube))
1  hot or mild green chile (, I use serrano)
3/4 cup water
1 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp turmeric
1 tsp ground cumin
3/4 tsp salt
1/2 tsp sugar or sweetener (or more to taste )
1.5 cup soy curls (dry, not rehydrated)
1/2 cup Non dairy yogurt
3/4 cup non-dairy milk (or more to preference , such as almond milk, cashew milk, soy milk, coconut milk or oat milk)
3 tsp dried fenugreek leaves (kasoori methi)
garam masala  (or coriander to taste )
1/4 cup  cilantro for garnish

Instructions:
Start the Instant Pot on saute mode. Add the oil and wait for it to get hot. Add the whole spices and mix for a few seconds until fragrant, then add the minced onions and saute until translucent. (You can add in the garlic here if you don&#x27;t want to blend the garlic with the tomato.)
Blend the tomato, tomato paste, garlic, ginger, chili with 3/4 cup water.
Add ground spices and mix them in. Add tomato mixture to the IP and mix it in. Switch off saute mode.
Add the dried soy curls, salt, sugar, dairy-free yogurt and mix in. Close the lid and pressure cook for 15 mins, natural release
Open the lid and add the non-dairy milk and bring to a boil. Taste and adjust salt and flavor.
Add garam masala or ground coriander and fenugreek leaves and mix in. Switch off the saute mode at this point as you don&#x27;t want to boil the fenugreek for too long to not lose the flavor.
Serve garnished with cilantro, red pepper flakes, and some freshly cut lime wedges. Tastes best with rice or some naan flatbread.Store refrigerated for upto 3 days. Reheat with additional non dairy milk as the sauce will tend to dry out.
Saucepan: Blend the tomato, tomato paste, ginger, garlic, chili with 1/4 cup water. Follow steps 1,2,3 in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook the tomato mixture until thickened and slightly roasted. (7 to 10 mins).Add the soy curls, non dairy yogurt, salt and sugar and mix in. cook for 3 mins. Add in the non dairy milk and 3/4 cup water and continue too cook until the soy curls are tender.(7 to 10 mins). Add garam masala/ Taste and adjust.