Ingredients:
1/2 cup non dairy milk such as almond milk (,soy milk, oat milk or light coconut milk)
1 tsp lime juice
1/4 cup apple sauce
1 3/4 cup flour ((I use 1/2 cup whole wheat and 1 1/4 cup unbleached all purpose))
1/4 cup almond flour ((Nut-free: use more flour for nutfree, and use full fat coconut milk for the non dairy milk))
2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
3 tbsp brown sugar or coconut sugar
1.5 tsp apple pie spice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1.25 cups thinly sliced apple (or finely chopped (very thin slices))
1.5 tbsp maple syrup
1/2 tsp vanilla extract (optional)
Optional add ins: 1/3 cup chopped pecans or walnuts
2 tbsp coconut sugar
3/4 tsp ground cinnamon

Instructions:
Mix the apple sauce, lime juice and non dairy milk in a bowl and put it in the freezer for 20-25 mins. Prep the ingredients and slice the apple in the meanwhile.
Toss the sliced apple with maple syrup in a bowl and set aside. In a large bowl, mix the dry ingredients really well.
Take the milk apple sauce mix bowl out of the freezer. Break any frozen portions into smaller bits. Reserve 2 tbsp and add the rest to the flour bowl and mix. Press and mix. the larger frozen bits of the milk mixture will make the dough sticky later, so press to break those bits and mix. Add in the apples and vanilla extract if using and mix.
Add the remaining apple sauce mix if needed 1 tbsp at a time to make a stiff-ish dough. The dough should be slightly stiff and just about combined. Transfer the dough to parchment lined baking sheet or stoneware/ceramic dish. Using flour, shape the dough into a somewhat circle of about 3/4 inch height.
Brush non dairy milk or any remaining apple sauce mixture. Mix the cinnamon and sugar in a small bowl and sprinkle over the dough. Slice using a pizza cutter. Separate the scones a bit. Then put in the freezer for 15 mins.(This is important for low fat milks).
Preheat the oven to 435 deg F(225 C). Remove the sheet from the freezer and Bake for 17 to 19 mins. Check by tapping if the scones sound hollow. If not, then bake for another 3 to 5 mins. Remove from the oven and Cover with a light towel to cool for 10 mins. Add a simple sugar icing if you wish and serve.
Store the freshly baked scones, covered with a towel on the counter for upto 1 day. Scones can be refrigerated in a closed container for upto 5 days. See storage paragraph above for freezing instructions. Apples in the scones continue to leak moisture, so they will soften with time.