Ingredients:
1 cup Non-Dairy Milk (such as almond milk, soy milk or oat milk )
3 tbsp Non-Dairy yogurt (or apple sauce)
1 tsp apple cider vinegar (or any other vinegar)
1/3 cup sugar (2 tbsp more for sweeter )
1/4 cup oil
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 cup  raspberry preserves
2 cups flour (, I use all purpose )
2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp of salt
3/4 cup vegan chocolate chips
2 tbsp oat milk (or other non dairy milk)
2 tsp refined coconut oil
1 cup shredded coconut (dessicated)

Instructions:
In a bowl, whisk 1 3/4 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt.
In another bowl, mix the wet ingredients except preserves until the sugar is fully combined
Fold the dry into the wet until about combined, add more flour one tbsp at a time until you get just a slightly thick batter. Slightly thicker than pancake batter. You might not need all the flour
Grease your donut pan, or a mini muffin pan really well, or use  mini liners, and use those. Warm the preserves in microwave or heat in a saucepan.
Scoop some of the batter into the pan, then add in 1/2 -1 tsp of softened preserves. Then scoop some more batter on top of the preserves.
Bake at 375 degrees F for 12-13 minutes for the mini muffins, and 14-15 minutes for regular sized donuts.
Remove the pans from the oven, and let the pan cool for 15 minutes before trying to remove the donuts from the pan.
To remove muffin liners from the muffins if they&#039;re too stuck, you can moisten the outside of the muffin liner with some water.  take a bowl of water, and dip just the muffin liner in the water, and let it sit for a minute, then try to remove it, it comes off really easily.
Prep your chocolate coating by melting the chocolate in the microwave or a double boiler, and add in the non dairy milk, coconut oil, whisk well until really smooth.
Put the coconut into another shallow bowl.
Take one mini muffin or donut at a time, and dip in the chocolate, then roll in the coconut mixture and set it on a wire rack. Repeat for all of the muffins or donuts, and serve!