Ingredients:
1/2 cup warm-hot water
1/4 cup whole wheat or spelt flour
1.5 tsp Active dry yeast
1/2 tsp sugar or maple syrup (, optional)
1/4 cup non dairy yogurt
1 to 1.5 cups whole wheat flour (, or a mix of wheat and spelt)
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp baking powder
2 tbsp oil (plus more for greasing)
Flavor additions: garam masala (, garlic powder, nutritional yeast, cumin, fresh herbs etc)
toppings: minced garlic, cilantro or fresh herbs, nigella seeds, black sesame seeds, vegan butter etc

Instructions:
Mix all the ingredients under sponge in order. Mix well to combine and cover with a towel. Let the sponge sit for 25 - 30 mins in a warm place.
Then add 3/4 cup flour, baking powder, salt, and add to the sponge bowl. Add oil, mix well. Add more flour as needed to make a somewhat sticky but cohesive mixture. Knead for 2-3 mins to get to a somewhat smooth dough. Cover the bowl with a thick towel and let sit until&nbsp;dough is almost double in size. 1 to 1.5 hour depending on the ambient temperature.
Drizzle a few drops of oil on the dough and spread. Use a tbsp of flour if needed to bring it together into a smooth ball. Divide the dough into 3 or 4 equal portions. Shape into smooth balls. Place the balls on parchment, cover with a towel and let sit for 10-15 mins. Meanwhile prep the skillet, toppings etc.
Use some flour to shape the balls into naans using a rolling pin or just pressing with your hand(lightly so that all the air from the rising dough isnt squeezed out). Spritz water on top and press in any toppings like garlic, cilantro, nigella seeds or other seeds.&nbsp;
Heat a cast iron or heavy bottom skillet over medium high heat. Cook for 1 to 3 minutes per side. (You can cover the Naan for half a minute during cooking). Brush liberally with vegan butter or oil. Cover with a towel is not serving immediately. Store on the counter for a few hours or refrigerate for upto a week or freeze for month. See Tips above the recipe. Serve with Indian Curries/Entrees. For more cooking options, see my original Naan post to Bake.&nbsp;