Ingredients:
3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour (I use all-purpose. You can also use oat flour to make it gluten-free.)
3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons, almond flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons  flaxseed meal  (mixed with 2 tablespoons of water)
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1/4 teaspoon thyme (these herbs are optional)
4-5 tablespoons non-dairy milk
14 ounces  firm tofu (pressed for 5 mins)
1 tablespoon flour  (or use chickpea flour)
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon Indian Sulfur salt or Kala Namak
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1-2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
2 tablespoons  water
1 teaspoon oil (or use 2-3 tbsp broth to sauté to make Oilfree )
3  garlic cloves minced
3/4 cup chopped leeks
1 cup thinly sliced mushrooms
1/4 tsp salt
3/4 cup frozen spinach thawed and squeezed lightly

Instructions:
Make the Pie crust:   In a bowl or food processor, add the flour, almond flour, salt, herbs, and pulse or mix. Add in the flax egg and mix in.
Then add in 4 tablespoons of non-dairy milk and mix well or process 10-15 seconds
If the dough is somewhat dry, add in more non-dairy milk, 1 teaspoon at a time until you can make a dough which is somewhat sticky and crumbly, not necessarily all together, but sticks when you press.
Press this dough into a greased 9 inch tart pan (or use a pie pan) . Use a fork to create holes in the dough. Then bake at 350 degrees Fahrenheit (180 c) for 13 minutes.
Meanwhile for the filling:  heat up oil in the skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for half a minute. Then add in the leeks, mushrooms, and salt and continue to cook until the mushrooms are golden.
Once the mushrooms are somewhat golden, add in the spinach. Mix in and continue until the spinach moisture is evaporated for 3-4 minutes. Cool this mixture for 10 mins
Make the tofu egg mixture by adding all of the ingredients to a food processor with 2 tablespoons of water and processing it until the mixture is somewhat smooth.
Mix your mushroom leek filling in this mixture and then transfer it to the baked pie crust.
Even it out. Top it with some cherry tomatoes or sun-dried tomatoes and bake for 30-35 minutes.
Once the center is set and not jiggly, the quiche is done. Take it out of the oven and let it sit for 10 minutes before slicing and serving.