Ingredients:
1  loaded cup (cauliflower florets, raw)
3/4-1 cup chopped onion
1/2-3/4 cup broccoli florets, raw or steamed
1/3 cup carrots, baby or chopped
1/3 cup chopped potato, raw or cooked
1  green chili
1/2 inch ginger
1/4 cup packed chopped cilantro or a small bunch
1 tbsp mint leaves (optional)
1/3 tsp ajwain (carom seeds or toasted cumin seeds)
1/4 tsp or more cayenne
1/2 tsp to 3/4 tsp salt
1 tsp Chaat Masala or amchur (dry mango powder)
2 tbsp semolina flour (use brown rice flour to make gluten-free)
2/3 cup or more chickpea flour
1/4 tsp baking soda
2 tsp oil
water as needed

Instructions:
Chop the veggies roughly into similarly sized chunks or florets (1 to 1.5 inch). Add all the chopped vegetables, green chili, ginger, cilantro and mint in a food processor and pulse a few times to make a evenly finely chopped or grated state. You can also add a 1/3 cup or more greens of choice at this step.
Transfer to a bowl. Mix in the spices, salt, 1/3 tsp chaat masala and semolina.
Add the chickpea flour to the bowl, sprinkle the baking soda all over and mix in (or mix the baking soda into the chickpea flour before adding). Add a tbsp or so more chickpea flour if needed. You need just a light coating of flour on all the veggies. See pictures above.
Let the mixture sit for 2-3 minutes so the veggies can leak some moisture into the flour. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F / 220ºc.
Add oil and a sprinkle of a water (1 -2 tsp) to the bowl and mix in. Depending on the vegetables, you might or might not need more water. The mixture should not be a batter, but should stick into balls with your hands. Add water a tsp at a time till the mixture just starts tot stick.
Using your hands or a tablespoon or ice cream scoop, place scoops on parchment lined baking sheet. Keep the scoops small, around 1.5 inches, so the veggies can cook through. Spray oil (or brush) on the pakoras.
Bake for 22 to 25 minutes or until golden brown and crisp on the outside. Cool for a minute. Sprinkle the remaining chaat masala and serve with mint chutney or tamarind date chutney or ketchup or sauces of choice.