Ingredients:
3/4 cup red lentils (quick cooking re/orange/pink lentils, masoor dal)
2 cups water
1 tsp oil
4 cloves garlic (minced)
1/2  medium onion (chopped)
1  small green bell pepper (chopped)
1 cup shredded carrots
1  medium zucchini (shredded)
2 tsp smoked paprika (or use half sweet and half smoked paprika)
1/4 tsp or more cayenne I use about 1/2 tsp
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/4 tsp onion powder
1/2 to 1 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp dried thyme
1/2 tsp chipotle pepper or cumin for smokier flavor (optional and a good pinch of allspice (optional))
2 tbsp vegan Worcestershire sauce
3 oz tomato paste
1/4 cup ketchup
3/4 tsp salt
sugar or maple if needed
a dash of lemon
Other flavor additions: 1 to 2 tsp soy sauce (or bbq sauce, or hot sauce)
Soft Dinner Rolls or Burger Buns or use gluten-free tortillas
lettuce or greens
sliced onions or coleslaw

Instructions:
In a saucepan, combine washed and drained red lentils, water and a good pinch of salt and cook over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain and set aside.
Heat oil in a skillet or saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and cook for 2 minutes or until golden. I usually use a processor to process the onion and bell pepper then transfer to a bowl and process carrots and zucchini and keep ready.
Add the onion and bell pepper and cook for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the shredded carrots, zucchini, the spices and a good dash of salt and black pepper. Cook for 3 to 6 minutes, depending on moisture content of the veggies.
Add the lentils, spices+herbs, Worcestershire, tomato paste, ketchup, salt and mix in well. Cook for a minute. Taste and adjust salt, heat and flavor. Add maple for sweetness, lemon for tang. cover and let cook for another minute or longer until the mixture is not too wet. Take off heat and let sit for another few minutes before serving.
Prep the buns or tortillas by toasting, layer some greens, the sloppy mix, onions or other crunchy veggies and serve! I love those with fresh pico de gallo and crunchy lettuce or cabbage.