Ingredients:
1 cup non-dairy milk such as almond, (oat, or soy)
2 tablespoons nondairy yogurt or apple sauce
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar or white vinegar
1/4 cup oil
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
few drops  almond extract
1 1/4 cup flour (I use all-purpose)
1/4 cup almond flour
1/3 cup sugar
1.5 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons raw pistachios
2 tablespoons raw cashew
1/2 cup of the thin part of the full fat coconut milk from a can
1/4 cup oat milk (or use soy milk )
2 tablespoons water
3 tablespoons sugar
7-8  strands of saffron
Seeds from 1 green cardamom pod
thick coconut cream from a can of coconut milk (about 1/2 cup)
2-3 tablespoons of powdered sugar

Instructions:
Make the cake: In a bowl, add all the wet ingredients and mix well.
In another bowl, mix the dry ingredients. Then combine the two until you get a cake batter. You don&#39;t want the cake batter to be too liquid but also don&#39;t want it to be too muffin-like. If it&#39;s too thick, add in 1 tablespoon or so more of non-dairy milk. If it&#39;s too thin, then add in 1 or 2 tablespoons more flour.
Grease an 8x8 inch or 9x9 inch pan, then transfer the batter to the pan. I used a glass pan for this cake so that it doesn&#39;t brown too much.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit (180 degrees Celsius) and then bake the cake for 30 minutes. Check the 25-minute mark if the cake is done and continue to bake for another 5 if needed.
Make the milk mixture:  For the coconut milk, refrigerate a can of full-fat coconut milk for half an hour. You can do this before you start making the cake for it to chill by the time you need it.
Then scoop the coconut cream part out of that coconut can and put that back in the fridge to make the whipped cream later.
Out of the thin part of the coconut milk, use half a cup. Add coconut milk to a blender. Add the rest of the ingredients for the milk mixture to a blender and blend it for a minute then let this mixture sit for 5 minutes for the nuts to soak so that they can blend smoothly then blend again. Repeat once or twice until the texture is really smooth. Taste and adjust sweetness if needed.
Once the cake has baked, remove the cake from the oven.
Let it sit for 5 minutes to cool then use a toothpick or a skewer to make holes all throughout the cake. Then pour a third of the milk mixture all over.
You will need to pour the liquid over the cake in batches. So pour a third the milk mixture then let it soak for 15 mins, and then pour another portion of the remaining mixture and let it soak.
If the cake doesn&#39;t soak up any more, you can reserve the remaining third/quarter of the mixture to serve on the side.
For the whipped coconut cream topping: 
Take the coconut cream out from the fridge and use a whipping attachment in your hand mixer or a stand mixer to whip it until getting light.
Add the sugar, and continue to whip until it&#39;s light and fluffy. You can also add in a bit of vanilla to the whipped coconut cream or some cinnamon.
Once whipped, spread this coconut cream over the cake which is by now soaked with milk. Then top it with crushed or chopped raw pistachios and serve.
You can keep this cake chilled in the fridge for up to 5 days.