Ingredients:
1 small to medium cauliflower
1 tbsp oil
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp onion powder
1 tsp thyme
1.5 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp ground sage
2.5 tbsp soy sauce, divided ((use tamari if gluten-free), or coconut aminos )
1 tbsp vegan Worcestershire sauce
1 tbsp maple syrup
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp smoked paprika
1.5 tsp coriander ((or a mix of coriander and cumin))
3/4 tsp cinnamon
3/4 tsp cardamom
additional optional flavor add ins: 1/4 tsp ground cloves, 1/4 tsp celery seed, 1/4 tsp rosemary ( )
6 to 8  small potatoes ((sliced into halves))
18 to 10  small carrots
1/3 tsp salt
1/3 tsp black pepper
1 tsp oil

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 C).
Mix 2 tbsp soy sauce and the rest of the marinade ingredients together. Add 2-3 tbsp of water or chikn flavored broth and mix to combine the garlic and salt well.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Using a thin knife, make some small cuts on the top and the bottom of the cauliflower. Pour half of the marinade inside the overturned cauliflower and move it around to coat the inside well. Brush the cauliflower lightly and let it sit upside down to marinate for at least an hour (marination time is optional, but helps add more flavor)..
Once the cauliflower has marinated for an hour, and brush more marinade on the cauliflower and place in a greased baking dish or cast iron skillet.&nbsp;
Mix the potatoes, carrots, salt, pepper and oil in a bowl and place on either side of the cauliflower. (You can bake these separately and add later to the serving dish with the cauliflower before serving)
Cover with foil or another baking dish to cover just about the cauliflower dish. It is not necessary to seal the dish completely. Roast at 425 degrees F for 30 -35 minutes(longer for larger head). Add 1-2 tbsp water and the 1/2 tbsp soy sauce to the remaining marinade. Uncover and baste liberally again.&nbsp;
There should be some moisture that leaks from the veggies and marinade into the pan because of covering and baking. If not, then drizzle a few tbsp water or broth around the cauliflower so the side veggies/marinade dont get scorched. Continue to bake uncovered for 20 to 30 mins. Use a knife to check if the cauliflower is cooked all the way through.&nbsp;
Remove when done and baste with any remaining marinade. Garnish with fresh herbs. Slice and Serve with my mushroom free gravy or other of choice.