Ingredients:
6 Tbsp oats (ground (1/4 cup +2Tbsp)(All flours starches are Bob's red mill))
1/4 cup brown rice flour
1/4 cup potato starch
1 Tbsp tapioca starch
1/4 cup warm water
1 teaspoon active yeast
2 tsp raw sugar
1 tsp agave syrup
1.5 Tbsp non dairy yogurt (So Delicious plain coconut milk yogurt or make your own cultured Nut Milk -Cashew Yogurt)
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons oil
1-1.5 Tablespoon potato starch (or half potato starch and half ground oats)

Instructions:
Warm the water and add yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar to it. Mix well and let it get frothy. 8-10 minutes.
In a bowl, whisk all the dry ingredients well.
In another bowl, lightly whisk the oil, yogurt, agave and sugar until well combined.
Add the dry ingredients and the yogurt mix to the yeast mix and whisk to combine well. The dough will be more of a stiff batter.
Let it rise for 1.5 hours or until doubled.
The oats will make the dough less battery after the first rise, but it will still be sticky.
Add some potato starch to make it less sticky and dump the sticky dough into parchment lined mini bread loaf pan. Even out using a spatula.
If you want to make dinner rolls, use just enough potato starch and oats flour and use oiled hands to quickly make small balls(a few Tbspns). Place balls touching each other in parchment lined stoneware for baking or round cake baking pan if steaming. See GF Dinner rolls
Spray top with water, and then with oil or dust with Oat flour.
Prepare steaming pan, warm the water, switch off and place the bread pan in the steamer. Cover and let rise until doubled. (20-35 minutes)
Start up the steamer and steam for 20 minutes or atleast half the total bake time.
Meanwhile preheat the oven to 395 degrees F. Take the pan out of the steamer after 20 minutes and immediately place in oven.
Bake at 395 for 12-17 minutes to just about brown the edges. Dont over brown it. steamed breads will not brown easily and then directly become too crusty.
Let bread cool outside the pan for 15 minutes before slicing.