Ingredients:
1 tsp oil (, or 1/4 cup broth)
1/2  medium onion chopped
4 cloves of garlic finely chopped
10 oz of sliced mushroom ((mix of cremini, white and portabello))
1/4 cup red wine ((or whiskey or 1 tbsp balsamic + 1 tbsp soy sauce/coconut aminos for soy free))
3/4 cups sliced carrots (, or other veggies such as zucchini, celery, or a mix)
1 tsp fresh thyme  (or 1/2 tsp dried)
1/2  tsp ground sage
1/4 tsp onion powder
3/4 cup uncooked brown lentils
2 tsp tomato paste
3/4 tsp salt
2 cups of water (or veggie broth)
12 oz cubed sweet potato ((2 medium sweet potatoes), or use regular potatoes)
2 tsp extra virgin olive oil
1/4 tsp or more salt
1/4 tsp garlic powder
black pepper, dried/fresh thyme to taste (, additional flavors: chives, chopped parsely)

Instructions:
Start the instant pot on sauté. Add oil, when hot add onion and garlic and cook for a minute. Then add the mushrooms and a good pinch of salt and cook for 3 minutes, add the wine and mix well and continue to cook for 2 more minutes.
Cancel sauté, add the carrots, dry lentils, salt, herbs, tomato paste, water or broth and give it a good mix. (additional flavors: add 1/2 tsp fresh rosemary or dried oregano. Add a tbsp of Worcestershire sauce)
Place a steamer basket over the lentil mixture and add cubed sweet potato to the basket. Close the lid. Pressure cook for 11-14 minutes, longer for older, green lentils&nbsp;(Stove top instructions in the notes).
Let pressure release naturally. Open the lid, remove the steamer basket. Transfer the steamed sweet potatoes to a bowl and mash with a fork.
Add the salt, garlic, thyme, pepper and extra virgin olive oil and mix well. Taste and adjust the flavor if needed. (If using regular potatoes, add a few tbsp of non dairy milk)
Taste and adjust the lentil stew in the instant pot and add salt if needed, add a good dash of black pepper. You can also fold in some baby spinach and 1/3 cup green peas at this point.
Serve the stew over mashed sweet potatoes. Garnish with fresh herbs and black pepper. You can also add toasted breadcrumbs and olive oil garnish.&nbsp;