Ingredients:
1/2 cup Oats flour (ground Oats)
1/4 cup ground raw Cashews
2 Tablespoon brown rice flour (or use whole wheat pastry flour/all purpose)
3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1.5 Tablespoons organic canola oil
1.5 Tablespoons warm water
1 teaspoon flaxmeal
a pinch of salt
1/2 tsp vinegar
1 Tablespoon rum (or use 1/2 tsp rum extract)
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 Tablespoons raw sugar or equivalent sweetener (a Tbsp more if you like the cookies sweeter)
4 Tablespoons raw or brown sugar
2 Teaspoons water
1.5-2 Tablespoons Coconut creamer or thick non dairy Cream (I used So Delicious hazelnut coconut)
1/2 teaspoon virgin coconut oil
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon or more instant coffee
2 teaspoons rum/amaretto or 1/2 teaspoon rum extract

Instructions:
In a bowl mix all the wet ingredients for the cookie and flaxmeal until sugar is well combined and keep for 2 minutes.
In another bowl, mix/whisk the dry ingredients well. Add in the dry ingredients and mix to get a soft dough. Add more oats flour if needed. Chill the dough covered for 5 minutes.
(A good rum extract has worked best for me for these cookies and the filling. I use this extract)
Oil hands and make balls. Flatten them on parchment. bake at pre-heated 350 degrees F for 12-14 minutes(depends on size of the cookie). Will make 12 small cookies.
Dont let the cookies overbake to a brown. The cookies are done when the tops are not jiggly.
Let cool on rack.
Meanwhile, make the caramel filling.
In a pan, mix the water and sugar and keep cooking on medium till the sugar syrup gets thick and turns a good shade of brown.(5-7 minutes)
Keep the other ingredients mixed and warm. Taste and add more coffee if needed. Add the warm mix slowly to the caramel to get a creamy mixture. Take off heat as soon as the mixture is well combined and starts to boil.
Apply the cream between 2 cookies and let cool before biting in. Sprinkle some cocoa powder on top.
You can also add a few chocolate chips to the caramel when still hot. Too much chocolate though will mask the coffee flavor.
For a creamier softer filling, add a little vegan cream cheese to the caramel and whip it, then spoon in between the cookies. Fill cookies only before serving is using cream cheese.
If the filling doesnt have cream cheese, then the cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for 2-3 days.