Ingredients:
1/2 cup Petite Yellow Lentils (Mung Dal, or use Red/Pink Lentils)
1 cup Water
1 15 oz can Chickpeas, or 1.5 cups cooked
1/4 cup Roasted Red Bell Pepper, or use Fresh, Chopped Red Bell Pepper
1 Tbsp Taco Spice Blend (recipe follows)
1/4 tsp Cumin Seeds
1/4 tsp Salt
2 tsp Nutritional Yeast (optional)
1 tsp Oil, plus more for brushing or the pan (optional)
1 tsp Lemon Juice
2 cloves Garlic, minced
1/4 cup Packed, Chopped Cilantro
1/4 cup Finely Chopped Red Onion
2 Tbsp Oat, Chickpea, or Wheat Flour, plus more for a crispier crust (optional)
1/4 cup Breadcrumbs (optional)
Sliced Avocado/Guacamole, Vegan Sour Cream, Vegan Ranch, Adobo Sauce, Chipotle Aioli (Chipotle Sauce mixed with Veganaise), Sliced Jalapenos, Chimichurri, Lettuce, Tomato, Cilantro, Parsley

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F / 200 degrees C, if baking the chickpea burgers in the oven.
Wash the lentils. Add to a pot with a cup of water and cook over medium heat. Bring to a boil, cover, and cook for 8-12 minutes, or until they are almost tender. Cool for a few minutes.&nbsp; (If using red lentils, bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes, or until al dente).
Drain the excess water from the yellow lentils and add to a food processor.
Drain and wash the chickpeas and add to processor, along with the roasted red peppers, taco spice, cumin seeds, salt, nutritional yeast, oil, and lemon juice, and pulse to get a coarse, pasty mixture.
Transfer mixture to a bowl. Mix in the garlic, cilantro, and onion.&nbsp;Taste, and adjust salt and spice.&nbsp; If the mixture is too wet, let chill for 10 minutes.&nbsp; If the mixture is still too wet, add the 2 Tbsp flour and gently stir to combine.
Shape into patties by pressing into a 3 inch cookie cutter. Coat the patty in flour or bread crumbs, for crisper crust.
Brush oil on top and bake in the oven for 20 minutes. Or, pan fry the patties in a greased pan over medium high heat, 3 to 4 minutes each side. I like these patties pan fried.
Top with with avocado/guacamole, vegan sour cream, or vegan ranch, to balance the spice. Top with adobo sauce, chipotle aioli, or jalapenos for more spice.&nbsp; Add chimichurri, lettuce, tomato, cilantro, and parsley.&nbsp; Serve without the buns, on a bed of greens, with extra sauce for gluten-free.