Ingredients:
1/4 cup brown rice flour
1/4 cup white rice flour
1/4 cup amaranth flour (or sorghum or millet or other gf flour)
1/4 cup tapioca flour/starch
1/4 cup potato starch
1 Tablespoon cornstarch (or arrowroot starch)
1/3 tsp salt
2 tsps baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/2-1 tsp dried thyme
1/2 tsp garlic powder
a generous dash of black pepper
1/3 cup  almond milk or other non-dairy milk (+ 2 Tablespoons)
1 tsp apple cider vinegar or lemon juice
1/4 cup firm or silken tofu (or use non dairy yogurt or applesauce or sweet potato puree)
1.5 Tablespoons flax meal
2 Tablespoons oil (or /vegan butter, I use 1 Tbsp evoo + 1 Tbsp solid virgin coconut)
1/4 cup  Daiya pepper jack shreds (diced to make the shreds a bit small (or cheddar))
1/2  Jalapeno (finely chopped or 2 Tbsp dried Jalapeno)

Instructions:
In a large bowl, add all the dry ingredients and whisk well.
Curdle 1/3 cup of non-dairy milk by adding a tsp of vinegar or lemon juice. Mix and keep for a few minutes. Blend the tofu, 2 Tbsp milk, Oil, flax meal into a smooth consistency. Add the blended tofu+oil into the flours and mix well to make crumbs. Add curdled milk into the flour mix and knead for 2-3 minutes. If the dough appears dry or stiff, add 1-3 tsp water. Add in the jalapeno and pepper jack and knead for a minute to distribute well.
Drop the soft(not stiff and not too sticky) dough onto a parchment-lined sheet. Press with your hands to make a 1/2-3/4 inch flat rectangle. use a bit of oil or rice flour if needed. Use a cookie cutter to make the biscuits or hands to roll up into free form bun style biscuits. I used 1.5 inch round cookie cutter. Place biscuits half an inch apart on a greased or parchment-lined sheet or pan. Spray water all over the biscuits. Then brush the tops with melted vegan butter or EVOO. Lightly cover the sheet with aluminum foil.
Bake in pre-heated 425 degrees F for 18-20 minutes until the tops just start to get golden. Remove the foil from the top at the 17-minute mark, if you like the biscuits more golden and crisp, and bake without the foil for 2+ minutes. Remove biscuits from the oven and let cool for 2-3 minutes. Slice open and serve with vegan butter, gravy, soups. If you bake them for the entire time without the foil, the biscuits might appear hard on the outside, but they will be moist and soft on the inside.