Ingredients:
1 cup warm water  (divided)
2 tsp active yeast
1 tbsp flour
2 tbsp tomato paste
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp oregano
1/4 tsp garlic powder
3 tsp olive oil  (divided)
1.5 cup all purpose flour (or a mix of wheat and all purpose)
1 tbsp semolina
more semolina or flour to roll
1/2  onion (chopped)
3 cloves of garlic (, chopped)
10 oz mushrooms ( finely chopped)
1/2 tsp each basil, oregano, thyme
1/4 tsp each onion powder, garlic powder
generous dash of black pepper and red pepper flakes
1/3 tsp salt
2 tbsp red wine or balsamic vinegar + wine or balsamic + soy sauce
1/3 cup tomato paste (, 1/4 cup for less tomatoey, or use a thick pizza sauce instead and less or no water)
1/4 cup water
vegan cheese  (, optional)
fresh basil or herbs and pepper flakes for topping

Instructions:
Add 1/2 cup warm water to a bowl. Add the yeast and 1 tbsp flour and mix well. Let sit for 2 mins.
Add 1/2 cup warm water to another bowl Mix in the tomato paste, salt, oil and herbs until well combined.
Add the the flours and yeast water mixture to the tomato water bowl and mix with a large spoon to make a soft dough. Just mix until well combined. Add a tbsp or so more flour if too sticky.  Spray oil. cover with a towel and let sit to rise in a warm place for an hour.
Make the filling. Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until translucent.
Add chopped mushrooms and a good pinch of salt and cook for 3 mins, then cover and cook for another 3 mins.
Add the herbs, salt, and wine/balsamic vinegar and mix well. Then add the tomato paste and 2 to 4 tbsp of water to help the paste mix in. Cook for 1-3 mins until the mixture thickens. Take off heat and let cool for 10 mins before using.
Meanwhile, punch the dough down. Use some flour (Depending on the flour used, you will need 1 tbsp to a few tbsp flour) to bring it together into a not too sticky flat disc, then roll it out on parchment into about 11 by 15 inch or larger rectangle. You want to keep the dough thin as it will expand a lot during baking and too much bread to filling ratio is not as much fun. 
Spread the filling on the dough, keep a half inch from the edges. Add vegan cheese shreds if using.
Roll, tightly, seal the edge. Slice with a sharp knife, thread or floss, Grease a baking dish (9 by 9 inch or larger )and place the rolls a quarter inch apart. Cover and let rise for 20 mins. Preheat the oven to 400 deg F (205 C)
Spray oil on the rolls and bake at 400 deg F for 22 to 25 mins. Check the center roll, if it is still doughy then bake for another few mins if needed. You can also add more vegan cheese or my mozzarella cream sauce at this time and bake for a few mins to melt or brown.&nbsp;Garnish with pepper flakes and fresh herbs. Serve hot as is or with some marinara on the side. To store, store refrigerated for upto 5 days and freeze for upto a month.&nbsp;