Ingredients:
2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil (evoo)
1/3 cup chopped onion
1/4 cup green bell pepper
2  medium tomatoes (less if you want the quinoa to be less tangy)
1/2 teaspoon cumin powder
1 Tablespoon chickpea miso
5 cloves of garlic chopped
1/2 inch ginger chopped
1  green chili or red pepper flakes to taste
1/4 teaspoon dried herbs of choice (I used dried parsley and thyme)
1/4 teaspoon liquid smoke
1/3-1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup Quinoa
1.5 cups water
Variations: add mushrooms or red bell pepper (add a few Tablespoons of chopped sundried tomato.)
2  Tablspooons raw cashew flour
2 Tablespoons coconut milk
a generous pinch of garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
1/8 teaspoon mustard powder
1/2  Jalapeno chopped (less or more to taste)
Or Blend minced jalapeno in Veganaise/vegan mayo and non dairy milk to get a dressing consistency
Crust: Use this rye pizza crust recipe (or any of my gluten free crusts)

Instructions:
Quinoa stew:
In a pan, add oil and heat on medium.
Add the onions, green chili/flakes and saute for 4-5 minutes until translucent.
Add the bell peppers and saute for another 2 minutes.
Blend the tomatoes, ginger, garlic into a puree.
Add the miso, salt, herbs, spices and mix for a few seconds.
Add the tomato puree to the onion mixture and cook uncovered on low-medium heat for 15-20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the mixture becomes thick and dry.
Add the washed quinoa and water and mix well.
Cook partially covered until quinoa is cooked and mixture is a thick and sloppy but not watery. Taste and adjust salt and spices/herbs.
Crust:
Prep the crust according to instruction. Roll the dough out to a 10-12 inch crust.
Top the dough with some daiya mozzarella(optional).
Then top liberally with the Quinoa mixture.
Spread evenly, and top with orange slices.
Bake in preheated oven at 410 degrees F&nbsp; / 210c for 14 minutes. Broil on Lo for half a minute.
Take the Pizza out, drizzle the Jalapeno aioli on top and sprinkle liberal amount of chopped cilantro. (There is only some cilantro visible on the pictures to see the other toppings. I added a lot more before serving. The Cilantro works really well with the stew and oranges.)
Cool for a minute, slice and serve.