Ingredients:
1/4 cup chickpea flour (besan)
1/3 tsp salt
1/2 teaspoon raw sugar (ground)
1/4 teaspoon baking powder (scant)
pinch of asofetida (hing)
generous pinch of turmeric (optional, just for a brighter yellow color)
1 teaspoon grated ginger or 1/2 tsp paste
1/2 teaspoon grated green chili
3 Tablespoons non dairy yogurt (I used SoDelicious plain coconut milk yogurt)
2 Tablespoons water
1/2 teaspoon vinegar
a generous pinch of baking soda
1 tsp oil
1 tsp mustard seeds
4-5  curry leaves
pinch of asofetida (hing)
1 teaspoon lemon juice
2 tablespoons water
1 teaspoon raw sugar
1-2 Tablespoons finely chopped cilantro
1 Tablespoon shredded coconut (optional)
Sesame seeds (optional)

Instructions:
Whisk all the dry ingredients of the dhokla well.
Add in the grated or paste ginger and chili and mix.
In another bowl, Whisk the yogurt, water and vinegar to remove lumps and combine well.
Add the yogurt mix into the dry ingredients and mix/whisk to form a lump free flowy, not too watery, batter.
Add the pinch of baking soda into the dhokla batter when ready to steam, mix well.
Immediately pour the batter into the parchment lined baking pan and steam it in any way you find comfortable.
Start up the steamer.
I usually use my 6 inch round steel pan and steam in a pressure cooker without whistle. But not everyone has a pressure cooker, I used a deep pan(steamer set up) with a well fitting lid, the lid has a hole. I used a non stick 6 by 3 inch baking pan lined with parchment for the dhokla cake.
This baking pan can be put in any steamer and steamed for 22-24 minutes.
I filled up the deep pan with water that reached to about 2/3 the height of the baking pan.
Once the water starts boiling, add the pinch of baking soda into the dhokla batter and mix well.
Immediately pour the batter into the parchment lined dhokla pan.
Place dhokla pan in boiling water, cover and steam on high flame for 18-20 minutes.
Check on the 18 minute mark, a tooth pick from the center should come out almost clean. Cook for another 2-3 minutes and switch off.
After a minute, Take the dhokla pan out of the steamer pan and let rest for 5 minutes.
Remove parchment from pan and rest for another 5 minutes before peeling off the parchment. You can also use a greased pan, and using a knife loosen the edges.
Cut the dhokla into squares or rectangles.