Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked Pasta (I used spinach and tomato shells)
2 teaspoons organic canola oil
1/2 cup cherry or grape tomatoes (or regular chopped)
1/4 cup red onion slices
1-2 teaspoons chipotle pepper flakes (to taste, add mroe later if needed)
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder  (or 2 cloves of garlic chopped)
1/3  heaping cup grated Cauliflower
3/4 cup water (substitute half with non dairy milk for creamier sauce)
1.5 Tablespoon ground raw cashew (or use other thickening options, a few Tablespoons cornstarch or flour for a nutfree sauce)
1/4 teaspoon salt or to taste
1 tbsp nutritional yeast ((less or more to taste))
Topping: 1 Tablespoon coarsely ground raw cashew or bread crumbs mixed with nutritional yeast flakes to taste

Instructions:
Cook the pasta according to instruction.
In a large pan, add 2 teaspoons oil and heat on medium high.
Drop in halved cherry tomatoes, or cubed regular tomatoes and onion slices.
Arrange them in one layer and cook for 8-10 minutes until caramelized to your preference. (You can also roast the tomatoes in the oven at 450 degrees f / 230ºc for 20+ minutes. * To make oil-free, dry roast the tomatoes and onions in the oven till slightly caramelized. Or you can cook them on medium heat in evoo for a non scorched taste. )
Add chipotle pepper flakes, garlic powder and black pepper to the pan and mix for a few seconds.
Add the grated cauliflower, salt and water and bring to a boil. (add more grated cauliflower for thicker sauce. You can also use small chopped cauliflower. Cover and cook till tender)
Let the mixture cool a bit. (If using flour or starch, add to the boiling mixture and mix well).
Blend this mixture with ground cashew and nutritional yeast, into a smooth paste and return to the pan.
Add the pasta, toss, taste and adjust salt, spice, nutritional yeast, mix and bring to a boil on low-medium.(2 minutes)
Remove from heat. Let it sit for a minute before serving.
Top with coarsely ground cashew or bread crumbs mixed in with nutritional yeast for a cheesy sprinkle or any non dairy cheese before serving.
You can also add roasted veggies, blanched broccoli or greens to make this a complete meal