Ingredients:
14 oz firm or extra firm tofu (, pressed for 5 mins and cubed)
2 cups cauliflower (, small florets)
1/3 tsp cayenne
1/2 tsp turmeric
1/2 tsp salt
1 inch ginger
5 cloves of garlic
2 tsp lime juice
1 tsp oil
1/2 tsp coriander seeds ( (or use 1 tsp ground coriander, add the ground spice with onion))
1/2 tsp black peppercorns ((or use 1/4 tsp freshly ground pepper, add it with the onions))
1  bay leaf
1  cinnamon stick
2  cloves
1  medium onion (sliced)
1/2 tsp salt (,divided)
1 tsp sesame seeds
2 tsp shredded coconut
2  medium tomatoes (chopped)
1/2 tsp garam masala ( or kolhapuri masala or goda masala, optional (these blends can be found in Indian stores))
1.25 cups water

Instructions:
Bake the Tofu+veggies:Press and cube the tof u and add to large bowl. Chop the cauliflower add to the bowl.
Blend the spices, salt, ginger, garlic, lime juice with 1-2 tbsp of water to make puree. Alternatively, mix minced/paste ginger, minced or crushed garlic, lime with the water and sprinkle spices and salt in the next step.
Add half of the ginger, garlic mixture to the tofu and cauliflower. (add the turmeric, cayenne and salt if you dint blend them in).
Toss well and transfer to parchment lined baking sheet or dish. (use baking sheet for crispier, drier tofu, and baking dish for moist). Bake at 400 deg F (205 C) for 25 to 28 mins
Meanwhile make the Kolhapuri sauce: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. When just about hot, add the coriander seeds, black pepper, bay leaf, cinnamon cloves and mix well. Cook until fragrant. about 1 minute.
Add the onion and 1/4 tsp salt. Mix and cook until translucent. Add the sesame seeds and mix in. Add the ginger garlic mixture from step 2 and mix in. Cook for a minute.
Add the tomatoes, coconut, salt and garam masala if using and mix in. Cover and cook until tomatoes are tender. Deglaze after 2-3 mins if needed. Mash the larger tomato pieces and take off heat. (The mixture will reduce and can easily be transferred to a blender for the next step)
Remove the day leaf and Blend the sauce with 1 cup of water in a blender until smooth.
Transfer back to the skillet over medium heat. Add the bay leaf back. Use 1/4 cup water to rinse out the blender and add to the skillet, and bring to a boil. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Add the tofu and cauliflower and and mix. Cover and cook for 2 to 4 mins for the flavors to meld. Add more spices, salt if needed. Take off heat but let sit covered for a few mins.
Garnish with cilantro and serve with rice or flatbread. Store: Refrigerate for upto 3 days. As with most Indian sauces, the sauce will get more flavorful and hotter as it sits.