Ingredients:
3/4 cup long grain white basmati rice
3/4 cup quick cooking lentils such as Red lentils (, (I generally use half moong dal and half red lentils))
3/4 tsp cumin seeds
2 to 3  cloves
1 tsp coriander powder
1 tbsp onion flakes
1 tsp garlic powder
1/4 tsp ground ginger
1/2 tsp garam masala (, more if you like it spicier)
3/4 tsp turmeric
1/4 tsp cayenne
1 or 2  Indian bay leaves
1  tomato (chopped)
1 to 2 cups chopped vegetables
water ((depends on method of cooking,, see instructions))
3/4 tsp salt

Instructions:
Assemble the jar: Layer the rice and lentils.
Toast the cumin seeds and cloves on stove top over medium heat until cumin seeds change color slightly. This step is optional. Toasted cumin seeds add a deeper tastier flavor. Cool completely.
Add toasted cumin, cloves, rest of the spices to small ziplock bag and add to the jar. Close the lid. Store for upto 3 months.
Instructions to make the khichdi On the jar:&nbsp;Wash the lentils and rice, (optional).
To the Instant pot, Add 3.5 to 4 cups water (depends on your preference of consistency of the stew), washed lentils &amp; rice, spice bag contents, 3/4 to 1 tsp salt and 1 tomato finely chopped. Add upto 2 cups of chopped vegetables and mix in. Close the lid and cook on hi pressure for 2-4 minutes (4 for indian khichdi style mash consistency). For a regular rice and dal style kitchari, pressure cook on Low pressure for 3 mins. Release the pressure after 5 mins. Fluff lightly.(For Saucepan, add 5 cups of water instead of 3.5 and the rest of the ingredients as above. Cover partially and cook for 22 minutes, then check the consistency and doneness and continue to cook more until done.).
Garnish with cilantro, lemon juice and pepper flakes and serve as is or with chutneys, or papadums/crackers.&nbsp;
To make directly:&nbsp;Assemble&nbsp;the ingredients. Heat 1 tsp oil on saute in IP, or saucepan on medium. Add the cumin seeds and cloves and cook until fragrant. Add bay leaves, turmeric and garam masala and mix for a few seconds. Add the rest of the ingredients, water, salt and cook as step 5.