Ingredients:
2 teaspoons oil
1/2  medium onion chopped
1/2 teaspoon cumin powder
1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder
pinch of asafetida (hing)
3  medium tomatoes
1 inch ginger chopped (can be substituted with ginger paste)
3-4 cloves of garlic peeled and chopped (can be substituted with garlic paste)
1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes or green chili (to taste)
1 teaspoon lemon juice
14 oz garbanzo beans washed and drained ( or 1 cup dry chickpeas soaked overnight and pressure cooked for 4-5 whistles.)
1/2 teaspoon salt or to taste
1/2 teaspoon raw sugar
1 teaspoon Chana Masala powder or to taste (Recipe below or use the chana/chole masala blend from indian store.)

Instructions:
In a blender, add 3 medium chopped tomatoes, ginger, garlic, chili, lemon juice, 1/4 can garbanzo beans(1/4 cup cooked chickpeas). Blend into a paste and keep aside.
In a pressure cooker, add oil and onions. Switch on saute or over medium heat if it is a stove top pressure cooker.
Cook until onions are translucent. Add in the spices, asofetida, chana masala blend and mix well.
Add in the tomato puree and cook on medium low, partially covered with occasional stirring until the paste thickens and starts to leave oil (about 15 minutes)
Add in the salt and remaining garbanzo beans and 1 to 1.5 cups water depending on your preference for thick or thin curry.
Pressure cook for 2 whistles(10 minutes). or cook covered until chickpeas are easily mashable.
Let the pressure cooker release pressure by itself(5 minutes). Adjust salt. Add more chana masala blend and chili flakes per taste. Mix well.
Serve hot topped with chopped onions, lemon wedges, cilantro and Rotis or Naans or Basmati Rice!
Saucepan: Use canned or slow cooker cooked chickpeas, or dry chickpeas soaked overnight. In a deep pan, make the tomato onion mixture as above. Add the chickpeas and 2 cups of water and cook for an hour or so, covered, until the chickpeas are tender. Mash some chickpeas and let cook for another 5-10 minutes uncovered. Adjust water for preferred consistency.