Ingredients:
20 oz can young green Jackfruit in brine or water (, or use shredded seitan or soycurls(rehydrate and shred))
1/2  small red onion sliced
2 tsp taco seasoning
1 tbsp tomato paste
1 tbsp water
1/4 tsp salt
1/2  head of cauliglower (, chopped into florets)
1.5 tsp taco seasoning
1/2 tsp garlic
1 tsp lime zest
1/2 tsp salt
1/2  red bell pepper sliced
1/2  green bell pepper sliced
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
2 to 3 tsp oil
2 tsp lime juice
Pico de gallo
Lime rice or lettuce or wraps to serve
1/2 cup cashews
2 tbsp pickled jalapenos
2 tsp brine
1/2 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp nutritional yeast
2 tsp flour
2-4 tbsp water (until smooth)

Instructions:
Grease a large baking dish or line with parchment. Preheat the oven to 400 deg F(205 C). Soak the cashews for the jalapeno cream sauce in hot water.
Prep the veggies. Drain the jackfruit and wash. Then add to a clean kitchen towel and squeeze and wring to remove most of the brine. Shred using hands, knife or a processor.
Add shredded jackfruit and sliced onion to one side of the baking dish. Sprinkle taco spice, salt and 1 tsp oil and mix well. Mix water with tomato paste and add to jackfruit mixture. Mix well then spread it out in one layer.
Add cauliflower to the other end of the baking dish. Add a tsp of oil or spray oil and mix. Sprinkle taco spice garlic, salt and lime zest and mix well.  Spread in an even single layer and sprinkle some more taco spice
Add bell pepper and other veggies if using in the remaining area. Sprinkle salt and pepper and mix and spread. Use multiple pans if everything doesnt fit.
Drizzle lime juice all over the pan. Bake for 25-30 min and Mix the veggies a bit if scorching on the edges, then cover the pan with parchment for 5 mins or longer until the cauliflower is cooked.
Jalapeno Cream Sauce: Drain the cashews and add to the blender. Add therest ofthe ingredients and blend until smooth. Adjust water for consistency.
Serve the baked veggies in a bowl with pico de gallo or salsa, some lime rice or crunchy lettuce. Dress generously with the jalapeno cream sauce. You can also use the veggies to make tacos or a burrito!To Store: Refrigerate the roasted veggies and the sauce separately for upto 3 days