Ingredients:
1/2 cup spelt  (or whole wheat pastry flour)
1/2 cup unbleached all purpose flour
use my gf pancake mix to make these gluten-free (, instead of the spelt and all purpose flours above)
1/3 cup cocoa powder
1 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
3/4 cup non dairy milk
2 tablespoons almond butter  (or other nut butter)
2 tablespoons oil ( or use applesauce)
1/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp flax seed meal
1/3 cup sugar (add 1 tbsp more for sweeter)
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp lemon juice
3 tablespoons coconut milk  (or almond milk)
3 tablespoons maple syrup
3/4 cup vegan chocolate chips

Instructions:
In a bowl, whisk all the dry ingredients and keep aside.
In another bowl, combine the non dairy milk, nut butter, oil, salt, flax meal, sugar and vanilla until well combined. Add in the lemon juice. Add the dry ingredient and mix into a smooth batter.
Heat a heavy bottom pan over medium heat. When the pan is hot, place a large cookie cutter over the pan. Spray oil on the pan and the cookie cutter. Pour batter into the cookie cutter to make a thin layer. Cover the pan with a lid, Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the cookie cutter using tongs or gloves. Flip the pancake and cook the other side for 2 to 3 minutes.Repeat for all the batter.
You can also make regular pancakes by pouring the batter on the pan and cooking for 3 to 4 minutes each side. Cool and then use the cookie cutter to cut them into similar size round shapes. The ones cooked in the cutter come out taller and fluffier.
Prepare your ganache or frosting. Spread over the pancakes and layer them as may as you would like. Serve!
Tips: You want to cook these pancakes at a slightly lower heat so as to not burn the bottom. The cookie cutters also help hold the moisture in the pancakes. Without the cutters the pancakes might be dry-ish when over cooked. This batter can also be baked into a cake. Bake in 8 inch pan for 30 to 35 minutes.
Ganache:
Heat the non dairy milk and maple syrup until just about smoking. Take off heat. Add the chocolate and let it sit for a minute. then whisk until all melted and smooth. Chill for 10 minutes then use.
Variation: Almond butter chocolate frosting: Melt 1 cup semi sweet chocolate chips over a double boiler. Let it cool for a minute. Whisk in 1/2 cup almond butter and 1/4 cup powdered sugar until smooth. Add 1/2 tsp vanilla extract and 1 to 2 tablespoons non dairy milk for desired consistency and mix in. use.