Ingredients:
2/3 cups whole wheat flour
1 cup bread flour
1 teaspoon vital wheat gluten ((optional, for better gluten formation and some extra protein))
2 tablespoons raw sugar or equivalent jaggery/agave/maple syrup or other sweetners.
1.5 teaspoons active yeast
1/2 cup water
5-6  strawberries
3-4  medium cauliflower florets ((around 2/3 cup chopped))
1 tablespoon Organic olive oil
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon powder
1/2 cup dried unsweetened cranberries ((optional))
1/2 teaspoon salt

Instructions:
Add the yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar to 2 Tablespoons warm water and mix well. Let stand for 10 minutes or until frothy.
In a blender, puree the strawberries, cauliflower, oil with the remaining sugar and little(1/4 cup) warm water( or as needed to get a nicely blended puree).
In a bowl add the wheat flour, 2/3 cup bread flour, wheat gluten, cinnamon and salt and mix.
Add in the yeast mixture and fruit puree to the flour mix.
Knead the dough for 8-10 minutes by hand or in mixer, scraping sides every 2-3 minutes if using a stand mixer. add more bread flour or water in little quantities if needed.&nbsp;
As with any fresh fruit/vegetable bread, the fruit gives out a little extra moisture than a normal bread while the dough sits for the rising time. So keep the dough soft and not too sticky, a bit on the dry side. To get a smooth dough, sometimes I knead it for 2 minutes, then let it rest for 10-15 minutes and knead again for 5-6 minutes to get a dryer and less sticky dough.
Some kneading techniques that work best with gooey fruity doughs, is throwing the dough on the countertop a couple of times, then regular kneading, then some pulls and folds and repeat.
Spritz the top of dough with some oil spray. Place dough in a covered container in a warm place for 1.5 – 2 hours.
Punch it lightly. Add some cranberries and roll it up and knead for a minute. For mini loaf pans, divide dough into 2 parts. Knead and shape into a loaf by pulling on all sides, or by rolling it out into a rectangle and rolling the rectangle from one side and tucking the other edge under like a jelly roll. For buns, Slice the jelly roll into equal parts, roll into a ball( or pull and tuck under) and place on baking sheet an inch apart.
Spritz the top with water and then spritz oil spray, and cover with a towel.
Place it in a warm place or warm oven for 50 minutes.
Remove towel, spritz top with some water. Top with sesame seeds(optional). and bake at preheated 350 degrees F for 20-25 minutes or until the bread sounds hollow. (35 minutes if baking one bigger loaf)
Remove buns from sheet and let cool on rack.
Pull the buns apart and enjoy as is! or topped with some fresh fruit compote, chutneys, herbed berry cream, or marmalade, or nut butters!. We made some strawberry oat french toasts with tiny slices .. yummmy!