Ingredients:
1/4 cup broth or water (,or use 1 tsp oil)
1/2  onion chopped
4 cloves of garlic  (,finely chopped)
1/2 inch ginger  (,finely chopped)
1  hot green chili (, finely chopped (optional), use mild or bell pepper for less heat)
1/2 tsp ground cumin or ground coriander (or both)
1/2 tsp turmeric
1/2 to 1 tsp garam masala  (or curry powder or ethiopian berbere, or just use more of cumin or coriander)
1/2 tsp dried thyme (or rosemary (optional))
1/2 tsp black pepper
15 oz diced tomatoes (, or 2 medium tomatoes, chopped)
3/4 cup sliced carrots (, or other veggies)
3/4 cup lentils
2.5 cups veggie broth or water (,  3 cups for saucepan)
3/4 tsp salt (, less or more depending on if the veggie broth is salted)
2 cups spinach or chopped quick cooking greens
cayenne and lemon/lime juice to taste
pepper flakes for garnish

Instructions:
Start the Instant pot pressure cooker on saute. Add broth and let it heat up. Add onion, garlic, ginger, chili and pinch of salt. Cook until translucent 2-3 mins). Deglaze with a tbsp broth if needed in between.
Add the spices and mix in. Add tomatoes and cook for 2 mins. Mash the larger pieces.
Add the lentils, carrots, water/broth and salt and mix really well to pick up any stuck bits.
Close the lid and Pressure Cook for 12 to 15 mins (depending on preference and lentils used).
Let the pressure release naturally. Open the lid, and mix in the greens. Add some cayenne and lime juice.&nbsp;Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Mash some of the lentils with a spatula or blend a 1/2 cup of the soup and mix in for thicker soup. You can also add a 1/2 cup non dairy cream or coconut milk for creamy soup.&nbsp;
Stovetop: Follow Step 1,2,3 in a saucepan over medium heat. You will need to cook a few mins longer at each step. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, partially cover and continue to cook for 15 minutes or until the lentils are cooked to preference. Fold in the greens and cook for another 2 mins. Add lemon juice, adjust salt and pepper.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Store the cooled leftover soup in a covered container in the refrigerator for upto 4 days and freeze for upto a month.&nbsp;&nbsp;