Ingredients:
1 package spring roll rice wrappers (you will use about 12 wrappers)
4 ounces vermicelli rice noodles (1/2 package)
12  pieces of butter leaf lettuce, or green leafy lettuce
1 large carrot, peeled and shredded
1  english cucumber, peeled and sliced into strips
1 small bunch fresh mint leaves
1 small bunch fresh basil leaves
1 small  bunch fresh cilantro
2 medium-large avocados, pits removed and cut into slices
1  large (or 2 medium) fresh mangos, peeled and sliced into strips
optional: fresh chives
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
3 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce (use tamari for gluten free)
3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar
3 tablespoons pure maple syrup
1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil
1 teaspoon Sriracha hot sauce, or to taste
3-4 tablespoons water, as needed to thin
crushed peanuts, for sprinkling on top, optional

Instructions:
Cook noodles according to package instructions, then drain and rinse well in cold water. Set aside.
Prepare all the vegetables, avocado and mango and place everything nearby including the rice noodles and rice wrappers.
Prepare a rolling station near all the prepared ingredients. You can roll on a damp towel, clean counter or a cutting board that you wet a little every few rolls.
Add a few inches of water to a large pan or large enough shallow dish to fit a rice wrapper. Place a rice wrapper into the water and let soak for 15 seconds, then remove it and lay it on your prepared damp towel, counter or board.
On the low side, closest to you, layer with a leaf of lettuce, which will help hold the other ingredients. Then layer in a little bit of noodles, shredded carrots, cucumber slices and herbs.
On the other side, place a few slices of mango and avocado. Start rolling it up, then fold when you are at the avocado and mango. This will make them look pretty once rolled up! Roll everything up tightly and seal. Continue until you have rolled them all and used up your ingredients.
Peanut Sauce: Make the peanut sauce by adding all the ingredients to a bowl and whisking until combined. Add 3-4 tablespoons of water as needed to thin if it’s too thick. Sprinkle the sauce with crushed peanuts, if desired.
Serve the rolls immediately with peanut sauce. The rolls are best when eaten the same day. Enjoy!