Ingredients:
1 tsp oil
1/2  medium onion (chopped (see step 1))
5 cloves of garlic (chopped)
3/4 cup walnuts (chopped)
6 to 8 oz mushrooms (chopped)
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1/4 cup peas
3/4 to 1 tsp sage (, ground sage)
1/2 tsp each thyme, oregano
1/4 tsp nutmeg or pumpkin pie spice
1/4 tsp cayenne
1.5 cups cooked lentils ((I use brown lentils))
3/4 tsp salt or to taste (divided)
1  chia egg ((1 tbsp chia seeds mixed with 3 tbsp water. Let it sit until thickened))
1 or 2  vegan puff pastry sheets

Instructions:
Prep the veggies. I use a small chopper processor to chop up the onion and garlic and set aside, then pulse walnuts in the same processor until coarsely chopped, then pulse mushrooms. Defrost the puff pastry sheets if you havent already
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and a good pinch of salt and cook until golden.
Add walnuts and cook for 2-3 minutes to roast.&nbsp;Add mushrooms and carrots and a good pinch of salt. cook for 5 to 7 minutes.
Add peas, spices and herbs, and cook for a minute.
Add the salt, lentils and mix in. Let the lentils heat through. Mash some of the lentils. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Add more herbs like sage or poultry seasoning. Add a tbsp vegan Worcestershire sauce or bbq sauce or a tsp stone ground mustard for flavor variation.
Add the chia egg and mix in. Add a few tbsp breadcrumbs or flour if the mixture is too moist, and another chia egg or some broth is too dry and mash lightly to moisten. (This mixture can be stored refrigerated for upto 4 days or freeze. )
Shape into well pressed 1 or 2 logs depending on the pastry sheet design pattern you are using and thickness preferred. Roll out the pastry sheets slightly, place the filling, then Cut the pastry sheet as desired and seal. Brush oil or non dairy milk. (These unbaked loafs can be stored refrigerated for upto 2 days or frozen and bake when needed).
Bake at 400 degrees F(205 C) for 30-35 minutes or until golden. Brush nondairy milk on the baked wellington, lightly cover and let sit to cool. (You can also refrigerate the wellington after cooling to store for upto 3 days. Reheat in the oven for 5-10 minutes.)
Cool for 15 minutes then slice with a sharp knife. Or refrigerate for 10 mins, then slice. Serve with gravy or other toppings.