Ingredients:
3/4 cup full fat coconut milk (use mostly the creamy white part)
14 ounces  sweetened coconut flakes
1/2  cup almond flour
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Optional: 1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons whipped aquafaba
1/4  teaspoon cream of tartar
8 ounces dairy free chocolate chips

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Scoop out the creamy white part from a can of coconut milk, then add liquid from the can as needed to measure 3/4 cup. You want mostly the cream here, but 1/4 cup of the clear liquid is fine and what I used. If it&#x27;s very hard, microwave for 10-20 seconds to soften.
Add the coconut milk/cream to a large bowl, along with the sweetened coconut flakes, almond flour, vanilla and almond extracts, and salt. Stir together with a large spoon until well combined.
For the Aquafaba: This is your egg white substitute. Pour the liquid from a can of chickpeas into a medium sized bowl. Add 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar to the bowl and beat with a hand mixer until stiff peaks form, 3-6 minutes. Measure 4 heaping tablespoons of the stiff aquafaba and add to the coconut mixture. Stir in gently until combined.
Using a small cookie scoop or tablespoon, scoop heaping tablespoons and form into mounds on the prepared baking sheet, placing about 1 inch apart.
Bake in the middle rack of the oven for 23-25 minutes until the top and edges are golden and toasty. Let cool on the pan for 10 minutes before transferring to a cooling rack to cool completely.
Optional Chocolate Dip: Heat chocolate chips in a small bowl in 30 second increments, stirring in between, until the chocolate is smooth and melted. Dip the bottom of each macaroon in the chocolate, gently, using a fork as they are quite fragile. Return to the parchment lined pan, and place in the refrigerator to allow the chocolate to set for 10 minutes.
Store leftover cookies at room temperature in a covered container for up to 4-5 days, the refrigerator for 1 week, or in the freezer for longer. They are delicious straight out of the freezer! Enjoy!