Ingredients:
1 tsp oil
1/4 tsp cumin seeds
1/4 tsp coriander seeds
1/2  serrano pepper, chopped or other hot or mild green chili pepper ((optional))
1 tsp ground turmeric
1/2 to 1 tsp ground cumin (, preferably roasted)
1 tsp ground coriander
1/3 tsp cayenne
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 to 3/4 tsp salt
3  medium potatoes (,boiled and mashed coarsely)
1/4 cup peas
2 tsp minced ginger
1/2 tsp chaat masala ( or 1/2 tsp amchur ( dry mango powder))
2 tbsp cilantro mint chutney ((or chop a handful of cilantro and mint finely and mix in))
1/2 tsp or more lemon juice
1 tsp oil
15 oz chickpeas (,drained or 1.5 cups cooked)
1/2 tsp each of ground cumin (, coriander, garlic powder)
1/4 tsp ground cinnamon (, cayenne, ginger powder)
1/3 tsp salt (, less or more depending on if the chickpeas are already salted)
Chopped tomato, (chopped onion)
cilantro mint chutney
greens or lettuce (, optional)
4  large wraps

Instructions:
Samosa Mixture: Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add cumin and coriander seeds and cook until they change to a deeper color. Add the Serrano pepper and cook for a minute.&nbsp;
Add all the spices and mix in. Add the mashed potatoes, salt and mix in. Break any larger pieces. Cover and cook for 2 mins.
Add peas, ginger, chutney and mix in. Add chaat masala or amchur(mango powder) or both and mix in. Add more lemon juice if omitting these spices. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Cover and cook for 2 mins, then let sit for another 2 mins for the flavors to develop.
Chickpeas: Heat oil in a skillet. Add the chickpeas and spices and salt and mix well. Cover and cook for 2 mins. Add a good splash of water and mix, cover and cook for another 2-3 mins. Taste and adjust salt and flavor.
Wraps: Layer any greens if using. Add the potato mixture. Then some chickpeas, chopped tomato, onion and a drizzle of chutney, Wrap it all up by folding in the left and right sides. Then folding he edge closest to you over the filling. Tuck in and tighten, then continue to roll and tuck. Optionally grill the wrap to seal, serve or store. Serve with&nbsp;tamarind chutney, mint cilantro or mango chutney.