Ingredients:
1  small head of cauliflower
1/2 cup carrots
6-8 ounces mushroom (like crimini or white quartered or sliced 1/8 inch thick )
1 tablespoon sambal oelek or Asian chili sauce of choice
1 tablespoon Korean gochujang or you can use more sambal oelek
3 tablespoons soy sauce, (tamari for Glutenfree )
1/3 cup smooth peanut butter (or use almond butter)
3 tablespoons maple syrup
2 teaspoons miso
1 tablespoon white vinegar or rice vinegar
1/2 inch knob of ginger
2 cloves of garlic
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/4 cup water
Green onion for garnish

Instructions:
Prep your cauliflower by removing the hard stem of the cauliflower. Then use your knife or a skewer to poke some holes on top of the cauliflower as well as base/stem side of your cauliflower.
Slice up your mushrooms and carrots.
Find a dish that fits the cauliflower but only has 1-2 inches space around the cauliflower.
Grease the dish and set it aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit(200c ). Place the cauliflower in the dish and bake for 10-12 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the marinade: Add all the ingredients to a blender and blend until smooth.
Remove the cauliflower from the oven then let it cool for 3 minutes so that you can handle it carefully. Flip the cauliflower and pour some of the marinade through the stem area so that it coats the inside of the florets.
Then flip it and brush some marinade all over the cauliflower really well. Place the cauliflower in the baking dish again and put it in the oven to bake.
Remove after another 15 minutes. Reduce the baking temperature to 375 degrees F(190 c)
Add in the carrots and mushrooms around the cauliflower. Drizzle some of the marinade all over. Also , baste/brush the cauliflower with more of the marinade. Add 3 tablespoons of water in the blender to rinse out the blender and pour that on the side of the cauliflower over the mushrooms and carrots.
Place the dish in the oven and cover it lightly with a foil and continue to bake for another 20 minutes.
Check if your cauliflower is done to preference. Otherwise, you can bake for another 5 minutes or so.
Then let it sit uncovered in the oven for a few mins then take it out of the oven. Remove the foil, garnish with green onion and serve it with rice or some dinner rolls.Refrigerate leftovers for upto 3 days.