Ingredients:
1  pound carrots, peeled and sliced 1/2 inch thick
1 1/2 pounds red potatoes, chopped in 1 1/2 inch chunks
1 head cauliflower, chopped into florets (OR 1 pound frozen cauliflower)
14 ounces canned diced tomatoes, fire roasted preferred
1  onion, quartered
1 inch fresh ginger
3 cloves garlic
2-3 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup raw cashews, soaked
14 oz coconut milk, full fat or light
1 tablespoon garam masala
1 teaspoon curry powder
1 teaspoon dried coriander
1 teaspoon turmeric
1  cup  frozen peas
1-2 teaspoon salt, to taste
2-3 cups cooked basmati rice
Vegan Naan
chopped cilantro

Instructions:
Soak the cashews: Add 1 cup of raw cashews to a small bowl, and cover with boiling hot water. I use my tea kettle to warm the water up. Let them soak while you get the vegetables boiling. (You can also boil the cashews for 5 minutes in a small pot)
Boil the vegetables: Add the carrots, potatoes and cauliflower to a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook for 15 minutes, until the potatoes are fork tender. Drain and set aside.
While the vegetables are boiling, make the puree: Add the canned tomatoes, onion, ginger and garlic to a blender (or food processor). Blend until a smooth puree forms.
Transfer the puree to a large saucepan (big enough to hold all the vegetables when they&#x27;re done cooking!) with 2-3 tablespoons of olive oil, and bring to a boil. Simmer over low-medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Now add all the spices (garam masala, curry powder, coriander and turmeric) and stir, cooking for 2-3 minutes until fragrant.
Rinse out your blender (from the tomato puree), and drain the cashews. Add the cashews and the can of coconut milk to it, and blend until very smooth. Pour the cashew/coconut mixture into the pan with the puree and stir.
Add the frozen peas and cook for a minute. Now add the cooked carrots, potatoes and cauliflower. Stir until combined and warm, about 5 minutes. Add salt to taste.
Serve with cooked basmati rice, chopped cilantro and vegan naan. Enjoy!