Ingredients:
7 Tablespoons gf Oats (ground fine( a bit less than 1/2 cup))
1/4 cup brown rice flour
4.5 Tablespoons potato starch
1.5 Tablespoons tapioca starch
1/4 cup water
2 Tablespoons non dairy Yogurt (I used SoDelicious plain coconut milk yogurt)
2 Tablespoons Extra virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon active dry yeast (I used red star)
1 teaspoon raw sugar
1/3 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon minced garlic (roasted or raw, I added roasted)
1/4 teaspoon dried basil or rosemary
1-2 teaspoons evoo
1/4 teaspoon herbs of choice
Thin zucchini slices
granulated salt (sea salt or kosher)

Instructions:
In a bowl. add warm water, yeast and sugar, Mix well and let sit until frothy(10 minutes)
In another bowl, whisk all the dry ingredients well.
Add the dry ingredients, yogurt and oil into the yeast mixture and mix for 2 minutes until a slightly stiff battery dough is formed. See picture.
Cover the bowl and let sit in a warm place for 1.5 hours or until doubled.
Mix the batter with a spoon and if too wet, add a teaspoon or so Oats flour. The mixture after the first rise, will be like a sticky dough.(The dough should not be a flowy cake batter or a stiff bread dough. Anything in between and it should bake fine.)
Drop this dough into a parchment lined pan. Oil your hands and pat it down to the required thickness.
Cover and let rise for 35-40 minutes in a warm place.
Make some dimples on the dough lightly(you can skip the dimples since the dough is sticky andwill collapse completely under too much pressure. just make a few dents with an oiled finger if possible)
Drizzle EVOO on the dimples or just generally on the top.
Sprinkle dried herbs of choice, black pepper and salt. Place some zucchini slices(optional)
Spray water on top. Cover the pan with aluminium foil. Make 1 or 2 holes in the foil, to let excess steam escape.
(If using bread pan like me, double it up to reduce browning of the crust). Or use ceramic/stoneware for less browning.
Bake at 390 degrees F&nbsp; / 200c for 20 minutes.
Remove foil, remove doubled pan if using and rotate the bread.
Bake for another 12-15 minutes until required crust color is achieved.
Take bread out carefully and let cool for 10 minutes.
Best served warm. Re warm in the oven or in toaster.