Ingredients:
1/2 cup oat flour (certified gluten-free if needed)
1/2 cup almond flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1.5 teaspoons flaxseed meal  (mixed with 1.5 tablespoons of water)
7-8  soft dates pitted
1 cup pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie mix)
1/4 cup raw cashews (soaked in hot water for 15 mins, then drained )
9-10  dates (soaked in hot water for 15 mins)
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/4 cup Non dairy milk such as almond, oat or light coconut  (plus 2 tablespoons )

Instructions:
For the crust : Add the dates to a food processor and process until the dates break down into a soft doughy mixture. Then add in the oat flour, almond flour, salt, and cinnamon, and the flax egg and process until the mixture becomes a crumbly mix.
Check by pressing the mixture to see if it sticks to each other or not. If not, then add in a few drops of water or if you are okay with using oil, then add in a few drops of oil and process again until the mixture makes fat crumbs and easily sticks together when pressed.
Transfer this mixture to your greased mini tart or pie pans and press well evenly. Then put the pie crust to bake at 350 degrees Fahrenheit(180c)  for 12 minutes.
Make the pumpkin pie filling : Soak the cashews and dates in hot water if you haven&#39;t soaked them already for at least 15 minutes. Then drain and add to a blender. Add the rest of the ingredients and process until the cashews and dates are evenly blended up and mixed into the pumpkin puree mixture.
You can add in a few teaspoons more non-dairy milk if the mixture is not blending well. Taste and adjust sweetness if desired with some cane sugar or 1-2 more dates. The mix will get sweeter on baking, so let it be less sweet.
Remove the crust from the oven then add  pumpkin pie filling in all of the pies and even it out. Then put them back in the oven to bake.
Check at 25 minutes if the center is set non-jiggly otherwise you can bake for another 5 minutes. Then remove the pans from the oven.
Let cool completely, chill for atleast an hour and then top with your favorite whipped coconut cream or a vegan vanilla ice cream topping and serve. Store refrigerated for upto 3 days. Or freeze.