Ingredients:
1 cup raw cashews (soaked for 2-4 hours)
1/2 cup northern beans (cooked or canned ( or use another 1/3 cup of soaked cashews to make it raw/bean-free))
1 Tablespoon Extra virgin olive oil (evoo. can be omitted)
1/2 cup  water
2/3 portion of the above blended cashew and bean mixture
3/4 tsp raw sugar  (or other sweetener)
3/4 tsp salt or to taste
2 tsp apple cider vinegar
2 tsp lemon juice
1 Tbsp nutritional yeast
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/2 - 1  Jalapeno (to spice preference)
1  small pickled Jalapeno (6-8 slices if using sliced)
1/3 portion of the above blended cashew and bean mixture
1/4 tsp salt
1/8 tsp garlic powder
1/8 tsp onion powder ( or 1/4 tsp onion flakes)
1 Tbsp nutritional yeast
a generous dash of black pepper
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes or to taste
2 tsps chickpea or yellow miso (use chickpea miso to make soy-free)
1 Tablespoon beer (optional)
1/2-1  Jalapeno chopped small
1  pickled jalapeno chopped small (6-7 slices chopped)
2-3 Tablespoons bread crumbs
2 tsps evoo or vegan butter
a generous dash of salt and pepper

Instructions:
Soak the cashews in warm hot water for 2-4 hours. Drain and Blend with 1/2 cup water into a smooth cream. Add the northern white beans and extra virgin olive oil and blend into a smooth consistency. Remove a third of the cashew mixture to make into havarti dip.
In the remaining cashew mixture(2/3 of the original quantity) in the blender, add all the ingredients under Cream cheese jalapeno dip. Blend to a smooth consistency. Taste and adjust salt, spice and tang to taste if needed. Pour the dip into a baking/serving dish.
In the same blender, add the remaining cashew mixture and the ingredients under havarti dip. Blend to a smooth consistency. Taste and adjust salt and spice to taste. Pour the havarti dip in the same serving dish.
Add chopped jalapeno and chopped pickled Jalapeno,Swirl the dips and jalapeno. Do not mix the dips completely. Just create a good distribution of swirls.
Toast the breadcrumbs mixed with evoo, salt and pepper on stove top on medium heat until golden. Add them to the Serving bowl. This dip can be served as is now.
Broil on the top rack for a minute or so until the crumbs start to brown. Serve hot with Chips or Crackers or veggies of choice.
To make gluten-free, Use gluten-free bread crumbs or coarse ground Oats, or almond Parmesan or crumbled tortilla chips. Top the dip, broil and serve.
To make raw, use coarsely ground almonds mxed with salt and nutritional yeast (or premade almond parmesan). top the dip and serve.
See notes above in the text recipe.