Ingredients:
1 small head  cauliflower  (or 2 heaping cups of chopped florets)
2  medium potatoes  (- about 2 cups cubed)
1 tsp oil
1-2 tsp  lime/lemon juice
3/4 tsp turmeric
1 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp ground coriander
 tsp cayenne or paprika (, use paprika for less heat )
 tsp garam masala
2 tsp minced ginger
2 tsp minced garlic
1/2 tsp salt
2 tsp oil
1 tsp ground coriander
 tsp ground cumin  (or 1/4 tsp cumin seeds)
 tsp garam masala
 tsp cayenne or Indian red chili powder
2 tsp minced ginger
2 tsp minced garlic
  hot green chili (finely chopped, such as serrano, Thai or use mild chilies for less heat )
 -1 cup thinly sliced onion
2  Medium tomatoes (pureed)
1/4 to 1/2 tsp salt
 tsp dried fenugreek leaves (, optional )
Lime juice and cilantro (for garnish)

Instructions:
Preheat oven to 400 (205 c)
In a bowl, add cauliflower and potato and sprinkle in the oil, toss well to coat. Drizzle in some lime juice and mix well
Add in all of the spices and salt in a small bowl, mix really well and sprinkle over the cauliflower and potato mixture. Add the ginger and garlic.Toss well to coat.
Transfer the cauliflower and potato mixture to a parchment lined baking dish, spread evenly to ensure even cooking.
Bake at 400 for 25-35 mins or until cooked through, checking large pieces of potato for doneness. See notes for alternate cooking methods
To make the sauce: heat a large skillet over medium heat, add oil and when the oil is somewhat hot, add in the coriander, cumin, garam masala and cayenne and mix well. Let the spices get really fragrant and then add in ginger and garlic.
Cook for a few seconds and then add in chili and onion, cook until the onion is golden.
Add in pureed tomato and salt and mix well.
Bring mixture to a boil and cook for another minute to thicken the sauce and roast the pureed tomato. Add in the baked potato cauliflower mixture into the sauce and mix well. Add in fenugreek leaves and toss well to coat with the sauce.
If the sauce is too thick , add in a few Tbsp of water then mix well and cover. Cook for 2-3 minutes and switch off heat.
Let sit covered for a few minutes in order for the flavors to meld together. Taste and adjust salt and flavor.
Garnish with cilantro and lime juice before serving.Store refrigerated for upto 3 days