Ingredients:
2 tsp olive oil
1/4 cup finely chopped onions
2  garlic cloves (minced)
1/4 tsp pepper flakes
1 tbsp fresh sage
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/3 cup  cashews
2 tbsp nutritional yeast
1 1/4 cup veggie broth or water
2 cups butternut squash (cubed )
2 tsp lemon juice
1/2 tsp miso paste  (optional)
8 oz fettuccine
7 oz  firm or extra firm tofu (pressed for at least 15 minutes, and then drained and cubed into 1/4th inch cubes)
2 tsp oil
1.5 tbsp soy sauce
1.5 tsp smoked paprika
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp  sugar ( or maple syrup)

Instructions:
Add oil to a skillet over medium heat, add in the onion and garlic and cook until transluent.
Add in the sage and pepper flakes and mix in. Add in the butternut squash and cook until the butternut squash starts to get golden on some edges. This may not happen if you&#039;re using frozen butternut squash.
Add in the rest of the ingredients under sauce, and cover and mix well. Then cover and cook for 10-12 minutes or until the butternut squash is tender to preference.
Take off heat and let the mixture cool a bit before adding to a blender and blending until smooth.
Meanwhile make your fettuccine according to instructions on the package and cook until al dente, then combine the sauce to the fettuccine in a bowl, or you can also add it to a skillet to reheat, and cook it a little bit more. This helps thicken the sauce and also melds the flavors together
Meanwhile, make the smoky tofu by combining the cubed tofu with the oil, soy sauce, smoked paprika, garlic, and maple syrup in a bowl to coat really well.
Spread out the tofu on a parchent-ined baking sheet. Spread it out so that most of the cubes are not touching each other. Preheat the oven to 425 F (218 c ) then add the baking sheet to the oven when it&#039;s heated up. Bake for 10 minutes, then move it around, and then bake for another few minutes, and then keep an eye on the tofu. Take it out once the pieces start to get dry-ish and crunchy. The tofu can burn easily, so keep an eye after 14-15 minute mark. Serve the tofu on top of the butternut squash fettuccine.To store, keep the topping separate from the pasta and refrigerate for upto 3 days.,