Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups old fashioned oats
1 cup Raw almonds
1/4 cup cashews or  (pecans, pistachios, pumpkin seeds or a mix)
1/2 cup large coconut flakes
1 tbsp chia seeds
1/4 tsp salt
1/5 tsp cinnamon
1 tbsp coconut sugar/brown sugar
1/4 cup maple syrup
2 tbsp oil (such as coconut oil)
2 tbsp almond butter
2-4 tbsp dried dates, (dried cranberries, blueberries, chocolate chips)

Instructions:
In a bowl, mix the old-fashioned oats, almonds, coconut, cashews, chia seeds, salt, cinnamon, and mix well.
In another bowl, mix the maple syrup with almond butter and oil until well combined. If your almond butter is too cold and hard you can microwave the mixture for a few seconds to help them combine, or let it sit at room temperature, and mix again after 5-10 minutes.
Add the coconut sugar and the maple almond butter mixture into the granola mixture, and mix well. Press and mix to coat all of the granola. If the granola feels a little dry, add in a sprinkle of maple syrup, a tsp at a time, and mix well.
Transfer this mixture to a lined baking sheet or baking pan. I prefer to use a ceramic baking pan for evenly cooking the granola, as well as reducing the chances of burning.
Press and spread it out thicker on the edges, and less thick in the middle.
Bake at 325 F for 25 minutes , then move it around, and check to see if things are getting crisp. Press some of the chunks so that they make larger chunks, and continue to bake for another 5 minutes if needed. You can also bake it at 325 degrees F convection with the fan on. Depending on the size of your baking dish, the granola will be ready within 24-30 minutes. If you&#039;re using a ceramic baking sheet, the granola is going to continue to took after removing from the oven. So once it&#039;s golden brown, and starting to get crispy, remove the baking dish from the oven.
Let the granola cool completely, and then mix in the dates, or other dried fruit, or chocolate that you wish to add. Store in a closed container for up to 2-3 weeks. To make this without oats, you can use rice flakes, or Quinoa flakes instead.