Ingredients:
7 to 8 oz farfalle or fettuccine other pasta (, cooked according to package instructions)
3 oz soy curls (, or other chickin substitutes or use mushrooms for soyfree)
1/2 cup veggie broth or vegan chikin flavored broth
3/4 tsp poultry seasoning (, or 1/4 tsp each of sage, onion powder, garlic powder, thyme,)
2 tsp oil
4 cloves of garlic (finely chopped)
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
1/2 tsp poultry seasoning (, optional)
1.5 cup cashew milk ((1/3 cup cashews blended with 1.25 cups of water), Use 2 cups for saucier(1/2 cup cashews + 1.5 cups water))
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp onion powder
1/2 tsp each of oregano (,thyme or 1 tsp italian blend)
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1/4 cup or more chopped sun dried tomato
3 to 5 oz baby spinach (or chopped spinach)
2 tbsp nutritional yeast or 2-3 tbsp vegan parm
fresh thyme or basil for garnish

Instructions:
Heat the water or broth until just about boiling. Combine the soy curls with boiling broth, garlic powder, poultry seasoning in bowl. (Or soak in hot chikin flavored broth). Let sit for 10 mins, stir once or twice in between. You can also use other chikin subs, seitan. If using mushrooms or pressed tofu, skip this step.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Squeeze the soy curls to remove excess water and add to the skillet.&nbsp;Cook to brown some edges (3 to 5 mins, longer with mushrooms).
Add garlic, black pepper and mix in. Add poultry seasoning and smoked paprika. Add other veggies if using and cook for 2 mins.  (red bell pepper or zucchini work well).
Add cashew milk, salt, garlic, onion powder, oregano, thyme and mix well. Bring to a boil.
Add the sun dried tomato, spinach, nutritional yeast or vegan parm and bring to a boil. Taste and adjust salt, flavor (add more italian herbs if neeses). Add some lemon zest or more nutritional yeast/vegan parm&nbsp; Fold in the cooked pasta and toss to coat. Take of heat, cover and let sit for minute. Garnish with fresh herbs, Serve with garlic bread.