Ingredients:
1 tsp olive oil
3 cloves garlic (chopped)
3  loaded cups cauliflower florets (1.5 to 2 inch pieces)
1/2 cup water
1/2 tsp salt
3/4 cup non dairy milk (I used almond milk)
1/2 tsp onion powder
1/4 tsp dry thyme
1/4 tsp dry basil or a Tbsp fresh basil leaves
3 Tbsp nutritional yeast
2 tsp lemon juice
1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
a very generous dash of black pepper
1 Tbsp flour of choice (omit to make gluten-free)
Pasta sauce or marinara sauce
1 cup spinach
5 to 6  artichokes (finely chopped (I used canned, drain, rinse and use))
1  recipe Pepita parmesan
No boil Lasagna noodles as needed
salt (pepper and italian herb blend)

Instructions:
Make the Alfredo sauce:
In a large pan, add oil and heat at medium heat. Add chopped garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the cauliflower, water and salt and cover and cook for 10 minutes or until cauliflower is tender. Cool slightly, add everything including water to a blender and blend with non dairy milk, all the spices, oil, and flour. Blend to a smooth puree. Taste and adjust salt, herbs and tang if needed.
Make the Lasagna:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F / 200c.
Layer 3/4 -1 cup pasta sauce in the baking pan, then layer noodles. Add more sauce to preference.
Then layer fresh baby spinach or use frozen(thawed), then 3/4 to 1 cup alfredo sauce.
Add another layer of noodles, then pasta sauce, then add veggies of choice like mushrooms, bell peppers, zucchini, cooked lentils or veggie burger crumbles. then layer noodles, alfredo sauce , distribute chopped artichoke hearts on the sauce. Sprinkle pepita parmesan (or nutritional yeast) on the artichoke hearts.
Add a layer of noodles. add a 1/3 cup water all around the edges. then a good 1-1.5 cups pasta sauce on the top layer to seal all the layers. Drizzle some alfredo sauce on the pasta sauce and add pepita parm and a spray of oil. Sprinkle a generous sprinkle of salt and black pepper and italian herb blend. I also added some pepper flakes. Add vegan cheese shreds if you like.
Cover with foil, punch a few small holes and bake at 400 degrees F / 200c for 45 to 50 mins.
Cool slightly, slice and serve hot.