Ingredients:
2 cups chickpea flour (See note if using besan)
1 tbsp flaxseed meal (, optional)
1 tbsp starch (, cornstarch or tapioca starch, optional)
3/4 tsp salt
1 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp garlic powder ( or 1/2 tsp garlic paste)
1/3 cup non dairy plain yogurt
2 tsp organic safflower or canola oil
3/4 to 1.5 cup water
oil for brushing
Nigella seeds or sesame seeds (, minced garlic and cilantro for garnish)

Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 C).  Line a baking sheet with parchment.  Cut out another parchment sheet that fits the baking sheet and set aside.
In a bowl, add chickpea flour, flaxmeal, starch, salt, baking powder, garlic powder, baking soda and baking powder and whisk well.
Add the yogurt or blended tofu,  oil, and 3/4 cup water. Mix well to combine. Add more water if needed to get a thick smooth batter (slightly thicker than pancake batter). Let sit for 5 minutes. (You will need more water with chickpea flour and less water with besan, start with 1/2 cup water for besan and add more)*
Drop a ladlefull of the batter on parchment lined sheet. Spread into an oval (7-8 inch)with the ladle. Repeat to make 2 or more Naan to fit the sheet.&nbsp;
Sprinkle Nigella seeds or sesame seeds or other seeds of choice. Add garlic and cilantro. Spray oil on top. Cover the Naans lightly with another parchment that covers the entire baking sheet.
Bake for&nbsp;7-10 minutes (depends on size of naans and how many being baked together)&nbsp;Remove top parchment, Brush melted vegan butter or spray oil. Let cool for 2 minutes before removing from parchment. Repeat for the next set.
The batter can thicken as it sits. Mix in a few tsps of water if needed before the next batch. Serve hot with curries, dips, soups.&nbsp;Keep covered with a kitchen towel on the counter for the day. Refrigerate for upto 4 days, freeze for upto a month. Reheat by grilling or microwave.
Cook on Stove top: Heat a Cast iron skillet over medium heat. When hot, spread some oil. Add ladleful of the batter and spread. Top with seeds, garlic, cilantro. Cover the pan with a lid and cook for 3 to 5 mins. Flip to cook for a minute if needed.&nbsp;