Ingredients:
3/4 cup dry chickpeas (about 1 3/4 cup when soaked)
1/4 cup brown rice (washed and soaked for half an hour)
2 cups water
1  small acorn squash (halved and seeds removed)
1 tsp oil
1/2 tsp cumin seeds
1/2 cup chopped red onion
4 cloves of garlic (finely chopped)
1/2 inch ginger (minced)
1  green chili (minced)
1/4 tsp turmeric
1/2 tsp garam masala
1/2 tsp dry mango powder (amchur or use 1/2 tsp more lime juice)
2  small tomatoes chopped
1/2 tsp lime juice
1 cup loosely packed chopped greens  (like rainbow chard or spinach)
1/2 tsp or more salt
1/4 to 1/2 tsp cayenne
cilantro (paprika and black pepper for garnish)

Instructions:
Soak the chickpeas overnight, soak the brown rice for atleast half an hour(about the time needed to prep).
In a pressure cooker, add oil and heat over medium heat.
Add cumin seeds and cook until they change color and get fragrant. about a minute.
Add onions, garlic, ginger and chili and a good pinch of salt. Cook for 5 minutes or until translucent.
Add spices and mix well for a few seconds. Add tomato, lime juice, and greens, cook until the tomatoes are saucy. 4 to 5 minutes. Add a splash of water to deglaze if needed in between. Add in salt, cayenne, chickpeas, rice and 2 cups water. Mix well.
Depending on the size of the pressure cooker and squash, you can add one half or both halves of the squash to the cooker. Place squash in a steamer basket or steamer plate (or any kind of holder which has space to allow the steam to circulate) over the chickpea mixture. Close the lid and cook over medium high heat until the (high) pressure is reached. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Let the pressure release naturally. Open the lid, Carefully remove the steamer basket. Taste and adjust the chickpea rice stew. Taste and adjust salt and spice. Generously fill the squash with the chickpea rice mixture, garnish with cilantro and black pepper and serve.
Note: If the chickpeas are not cooked to preference. Cover the cooker (dont lock the lid) and cook over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes.