Ingredients:
14 ounces firm or extra firm tofu  (pressed for at least 15 minutes then cubed or sliced into preferred shapes)
1 -2 teaspoon curry powder (use less or more to preference)
1.5 teaspoon soy sauce (use tamari for gluten-free)
1 teaspoon maple syrup or sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
3 tablespoons coconut cream (scoop out the thick part of the coconut cream from full fat coconut milk can)
1/2 cup rice wine vinegar  (or use apple cider vinegar or white vinegar)
1/3 cup hot water
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon maple syrup
2 cups thinly sliced vegetables such as carrots (cucumber, radish, red bell pepper, onion)
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
2 tablespoons maple syrup
2 teaspoons lime juice
1 tablespoon sambal oelek  (or Asian chili garlic sauce)
a good pinch of salt and pepper
8 Oz pack cooked vermicelli rice noodles
Chopped mint and cilantro
Chopped lettuce
lime  wedges

Instructions:
Pickle the vegetables: Combine the vinegar, water, salt, sugar in a mason jar and mix well.
Add in the vegetables and press down so that everything is submerged. close the lid and refrigerate for an hour.
Make the curried tofu: Slice the tofu into at least 1/2 an inch thick slices.
Heat a cast iron skillet over medium heat or any thick bottom skillet. Add oil and spread.
When the oil is hot, add the tofu slices carefully. Cook for 3-4 minutes per side so that some of the sides are golden.
Mix the sauce ingredients in the coconut cream and add to the pan. Mix and cook until the sauce thickens and coats the tofu.
Flip the tofu slices midway so that all the sauce coats the tofu evenly. Take off heat.
Make the dressing: Mix all the ingredients in a small bowl until well combined and set aside.
Assemble your bowls: Add a good helping of lettuce and noodles, and the pickled vegetables to a serving bowl.
Top it with some of the curried tofu. Add a bit of the dressing and some cilantro and mint. Add your lime wedge and serve.
To store, store the tofu, noodles and veggies separately and assemble as needed