Ingredients:
1.5 cups cooked lentils (brown lentils, I usually use Indian brown (whole masoor))
1 cup cooked quinoa
 cup chopped onion
3 cloves of garlic (finely chopped)
1  jalapeno (chopped (optional))
1/2 cup finely chopped celery
 cup chopped or grated carrots
1/3 tsp dried thyme
 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp cayenne or to taste
1/2 tsp garlic
2 tbsp flaxmeal  (or chia seed meal)
1 tbsp or more ketchup
2 tsp soy sauce
1 to 2 tbsp nutritional yeast
salt to taste
  cup breadcrumbs  (or use coarsely ground oats or gf breadcrumbs to make gf)
2 tsp soy sauce
1 tbsp maple
3 tbsp or more ketchup (or use bbq sauce)
1 tsp or more sriracha
1/2 tsp garlic powder

Instructions:
Cook the lentils and quinoa, drain and keep aside.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onions, garlic and jalapeno and cook for 5 minutes. or until translucent
Add celery, carrots, thyme, oregano, and mix well. Cook for 5 minutes or until the veggies are tender. Add some currants or dried cranberries at this point and mix in. .
Add the cooked veggies, flaxmeal, cooked lentils and quinoa to a bowl and mix. Mash the mixture using potato masher or hands, so that atleast half the lentils and quinoa get well mashed. (you still want some whole lentils).
Add in the sauces, nutritional yeast, and mix well. You can also add 1/4 tsp coarsely crushed fennel seeds at this point.
Add breadcrumbs or coarsely ground oats and mix in. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Add more sauces, herbs and salt if needed. (To check if the mixture is the right consistency, make a burger patty. If the mixture is too sticky or pasty, add more breadcrumbs. If it is too crumbly and doesn't stick easily, add some wet sauce or 1 flax egg (1 tbsp flax meal mixed in 2.5 tbsp water). Chill the mixture for 10 -15 mins if the mixture is too moist.
Shape into burger patties or use a cookie cutter to make patties.
Heat a skillet over medium-high heat and pan fry the patties with or without oil for 4 to 6 mins , or until golden brown on both sides.
Mix the ingredients under glaze. Add a glaze to the burger patties in last 2 mins of cooking or add the glaze just before serving.
Serve over greens, toppings of choice with additional glaze. I served the burgers with a chopped salad of cucumber, onion, radish, tomato mixed with salt, pepper, lemon and cilantro. with a side of Sweet Potato Fries