Ingredients:
1/4 cup shelled hemp seeds or pumpkin seeds or almond flour or chopped cashews  ((cashews and almonds are the most neutral flavor))
1 cup heaping cup cubed potato or 1 cup grated/shredded potato, raw ((1 medium potato))
2 cloves garlic
15 oz  can chickpeas  (or 1.5 cups cooked)
1/2 to 3/4 tsp salt (depends on if using salted or unsalted chickpeas, I used 3/4 tsp)
1 tsp garam masala
1/2 tsp ground cumin (preferably roasted or use Dry toasted whole cumin seeds)
1/4 to 1/2 tsp cayenne/indian red chili powder
3 Tbsp oat flour or regular flour (Or other flour of choice )
1 Tbsp cornstarch or other starch
a generous pinch of baking soda
2 teaspoons safflower or other neutral oil
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds
1  bay leaf
8  cloves garlic (coarsely chopped)
1 cup chopped red onion
1 1-inch knob  of ginger, chopped
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne
1 teaspoon Garam Masala
1 1/2 cups chopped tomato (fresh or canned)
1/4 cup raw cashews,  (See note for nut free)
1/2 to 1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup water or unsweetened almond or other non dairy milk (divided)
1 1/2 teaspoons dried fenugreek leaves
1/2 teaspoon sugar
Cashew cream or coconut cream for garnish

Instructions:
Kofta: Process the hemp seeds or nuts until you have a coarse meal. Add potato and process until coarse. Add the rest of the ingredients and pulse until most of the chickpeas have broken down but not a paste. (Without processor, use nut or seed flour and grated potato. Then mash chickpeas and mix)
The potato will leak moisture in the mixture in some seconds making it easy to make smooth balls. Do not let the mixture sit for too long at this point. Add more flour or starch if the mixture is too moist. Add a tbsp nutritional yeast for cheesier flavor profile.
Take 2 to 3 Tbsp of the mixture and make round or football shaped balls - 1.5 inch size or smaller so they cook through. Place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake at 425 F (218 C). For 20 minutes. Or pan fry in 1/2 inch oil for 5 to 6 minutes until golden on most sides.
Gravy: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cumin, coriander, and bay leaf. Cook for 1 minute. Add the garlic and cook until slightly golden on some edges, 2 minutes. Add the onion and ginger, and cook until golden, 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the turmeric, cayenne, and garam masala, and mix for a few seconds.
Add the tomato, cashews, 1/4 cup water and salt and cook until the tomatoes are saucy, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir occasionally to avoid sticking. Cool slightly, then transfer to a blender.
Blend the mixture with 1/4 cup water, half the fenugreek leaves and sugar until smooth. Fold in the remaining fenugreek leaves.  (This sauce is incredibly versatile,  you can just add some chickpeas, baked tofu, roasted or par-cooked veggies and simmer and use!)
Bring the blended sauce to a boil, add baked kofta balls and serve. Garnish with some cashew cream or other on dairy cream and cilantro. Serve with Naan or rice. To store: store the balls and sauce Separately until ready to serve.