Ingredients:
1/4 cup all purpose flour
3 tbsp almond flour
1.5 tbsp sugar
3 tbsp bread crumbs (i use panko)
1 tbsp raw pistachios (8 to 9 pistachios)
1/4 tsp salt
1/8 tsp baking soda
seeds from 2 cardamom pods (or use 1/4 tsp ground, I prefer seeds for best flavor )
1.5 tbsp potato starch (or cornstarch )
3.5 tbsp or more thick non dairy milk such as oat milk or cashew milk
1 1/4 cup of water
1 cup of sugar
seeds from 4 cardamom pods
1 tsp lemon juice
6  saffron strands or 1 tsp rose water

Instructions:
To make the mix, add all the ingredients into a blender and blend till nuts are broken down and mixture is homogeneous
Transfer the mix to container, if you want to store it should be air tight to store upto 2 months
To make the gulab jamun, transfer all mix to a bowl. Add 3 tbsp of non dairy milk and mix well. press and mix with your hands and see if you need more non dairy milk and add it 1 tsp at a time.
You can also use a tbsp of vegan cream cheese and 2 tbsp non dairy milk instead (I use kite hill plain and it adds that hint of mawa flavor in the Gulab jamuns)
You want to stop as soon as dough is soft and not dry, let the dough sit for five minutes and then knead lightly to build the gluten which will help make even non cracked gulab jamuns.
Because of the sugar in the mix, the dough will get slightly sticky, add in a sprinkle(1/2-1tsp)  of all purpose flour while kneading if needed. Knead for a min and then make it into small balls (1/2 inch size if making in aebleskiver pan, slightly larger to fry)
To make them in aeblskiver pan or appe pan - heat the pan over medium heat. Add at least 1 tsp of oil in each of the holes. Once the oil is hot, add your balls in each, and turn them around in 15 seconds and continue to cook so that they are evenly golden brown from all sides. Repeat for all the balls. Refill the oil as needed in between. Reduce heat to low medium if browning too quickly for either method
To fry the balls, you can deep fry them over medium heat. You do not want the oil to be too hot and fry them until they are golden brown on all sides. Transfer to a paper lined plate.
To make the sugar syrup. Add all the ingredients to a shallow pan. And bring to a boil over medium high heat. Once boiling, mix really well to make sure all the sugar has been dissolved and continue to cook for two more minutes and reduce the heat to medium. let it simmer for another 2 mins. Add in the balls, reduce heat to low and let them soak in the syrup. Move the balls around to coat from all sides after 10 minutes. Repeat after another 10 minutes and then switch off the heat and let the balls soak in the syrup for at least an hour before serving.
Garnish with some chopped nuts if you wish and serve.